Transcript below. Video below that.
- Thank you, Hermes Agent, new things.
So to recap for the people watching the recording,
today we're gonna cover GitHub, some GitHub basics.
It's a very critical part of your workflow
with basically anything, agents, vibe coding.
We're gonna cover advanced plan mode,
which is a new kind of little workflow I've come up with
that's been very, very helpful.
And some new Hermes Agent additions.
So it's gonna be a fun day.
We're gonna have a lot of fun.
And then of course, as we always do every Friday,
after we go through our main itinerary items,
the little Q and A, you guys can ask me questions,
I'll answer them enough, some discussions.
Shout out to everyone who just joined the Academy,
good to have you here.
We do three weekly activities.
We do the Scrum on Tuesday.
That's when anyone can join, hang out,
chat with each other, get to know each other,
share each other's projects.
We do the live vibe coding on Thursdays,
where I go in, build a bunch of really cool things,
show you what I'm doing.
It's more, you know, it's a co-working type space
with vibe coding, where I build stuff
and tell you what I'm building and give tips.
And then we do the Boot Camps Fridays,
which is right now, which is I go, have a few ideas prepared,
go over them, teach them to you,
and then we do live Q and A.
This is the most interactive of the three things.
Also some new news, we have a new community manager.
We have Allison, who is in the audience,
who will be helping me out with managing the community.
She'll be interacting with you guys,
making sure everything's taken care of,
show you to, you know, the right content,
what you should be consuming,
if you have questions, help out with questions,
things like that.
Been talking to her for the last few days now.
She's fantastic, so, Allison,
I don't know if you were planning on saying something
or if your mic's even plugged in or anything,
if you wanna say hello to everyone here,
but you have that opportunity now if you'd like to,
otherwise it's totally cool as well.
But yes.
- Hey, yeah, hey, I wasn't expecting to come on,
but while I'm here, hey everyone,
thanks for the intro and I am super excited
to meet more of you over the coming weeks,
and thanks so much for the opportunity, Alex.
- Excellent, so that'll be good,
that's a win for the community.
Yes, so with that being said,
here's the little structure of how we do these things.
I go over the specific topic.
At the end of me going over that specific topic,
I say, "Hey, is anyone have questions?"
And then you can ask me questions about that specific topic.
And at the end, once we go through all the topics,
then we can do general Q&A,
that's when you can just ask me about anything, right?
AI, vibe coding, content, building an audience, all that.
So with that being said, let's do this.
I wanna go over GitHub.
The reason why I wanna go over GitHub is
it's basically critical to everything technology,
everything vibe coding, everything building, everything AI.
It's super critical.
It is a repository where your code is stored online,
but it does a lot of very interesting things.
So let me share my screen.
Hope everyone's having a brilliant week, by the way.
GitHub, this is Henry, this is Henry's code for him.
This is a repository for your code.
So it backs up your code, your code goes online.
It's stored there, it's backed up.
You can back up, doesn't have to be code, could be files.
Could be the memory files for your agents.
This is something people do.
Basically, the way your Hermes agents
and your Open Claw agents work is,
they all live in markdown files, right?
They're in agent.md's, your rules file.
Then you have a personality file.
All your memories are in different markdown files.
Everything's in files on your local computer.
You probably would be pretty upset
if all that got deleted.
It could happen, your computer could,
something catastrophic can happen.
Earthquake hits and your computer falls over and dies.
Now your agent's cooked, right?
So one way to back things up is GitHub,
'cause you could back up your agents on GitHub
in your own private repository.
Their private repositories are only,
you can access it, they're public ones.
That's open source when it's public,
that anyone on GitHub can access.
That's what Open Claw and Hermes are,
basically just public repositories with the code in it.
Now, taking it to the next level,
there's a lot to GitHub, right?
It's not just backing things up.
One concept you really need to understand
when it comes to GitHub is the concept of branches.
So the code that's live on the internet,
the main code, that's your main branch,
that's your main place where all your code is.
But when you're writing code,
you shouldn't be writing code just to main.
Typically, when you're starting off
and you're just learning,
maybe you took the Cloud Code Masterclass.
I don't really go through branches too much in that.
I just kind of have you write to main.
It's what I did with Creator Buddy.
When you're just starting off, that's totally fine.
The kind of beginner flow is writing to main.
What does writing to main mean?
You go in Cloud Code, you say,
"Hey, build this feature out."
You test it, it looks good,
then you say, "Okay, commit it to GitHub,"
and it pushes it to main.
Then it's just live on the internet.
That's fine when you're just starting out
or if you're a one-person business.
But what you wanna do when you get a little bit more advanced,
when you maybe you're adding on team members as well,
is you wanna start taking advantage of branches.
What are branches?
Branches are basically copies of the code,
but they have their own versioning, right?
So say I have Henry and I'm building out a new feature
where it can build landing pages.
I'm gonna write the code with Cloud Code.
That code is local 'cause it's on my computer,
it's not on the Cloud, it's on GitHub,
it's not on the internet, it's local.
But when I commit it, I'm not gonna commit it to main,
so it's just in the main branch everyone has access to,
I'm gonna commit it to a landing page branch.
So a new branch named after the feature I'm building,
which is a landing page, the landing page branch.
This is a copy of main that lives in its own branch.
And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna commit it to there.
It's going to have now a track record on GitHub
of okay, this branch was made.
And then when I am fully confident in it,
I've tested it a ton, I know it works.
I can then merge it with main.
I then take the code from the landing page branch
and merge it to main.
Now it's live on the internet.
This is a really good way to do it
because say you have issues with this new functionality,
this new landing page functionality, right?
Say there's a bug in it.
If you just push it straight to main from local,
you now have bugs on your live production app, right?
But if you first put it on a branch,
then test the branch out, make sure the branch is good.
You're 100% confident.
Maybe you have team members who test it for you as well.
So you get second eyes on it.
Maybe you have team member agents who test it for you.
Then when you're 100% confident,
then you merge it main, then it's live on the internet.
That's the basics of it.
What I'm about to do in a minute
is show you how this ties into my cloud code workflows.
From a basics perspective, did I explain that well?
What GitHub is, how branches work, feature branches.
Sometimes people will say staging.
Derek's putting his thumb up.
Derek, that was good.
Good, good.
I got the Derek approval.
Thank you, Derek.
There's other branches people, sometimes you call it staging.
Staging is supposed to be a direct copy
of your main branch with no differences whatsoever,
but it allows you to test what production would be like,
but it's not your actual production branch.
So that's when people say staging, that's what they mean.
It's like typically you'd have a feature branch,
then you'd merge it with staging, then you test it,
'cause that's what the production environment will be like.
Then once that's good, then you can merge that with main.
Now, how does this tie into our workflows?
Actually, let me do this.
I'll pause there.
Any questions specifically on those things I talked about
before I go into how this ties in a linear cloud code
and all that.
So specifically kind of branches and what GitHub is.
Sean San Jose, does that mean you have a question
that thumbs up?
Yeah, quick question.
So I'm having my agents like test run it
and I'm not actually seeing,
like do you run it locally to actually test it yourself
or how would that work?
Yeah, so typically you'll write it locally.
Like cloud code, when it's writing code,
it's all done local on your computer.
Then you'll test it locally.
Then when it's good, you'll create what's called a pull request.
So you create the branch and then you create a pull request
which is basically a request to merge the code with main, right?
And so typically the way that workflow would work
in a professional software development environment
is when you create a pull request,
which is like, hey, I'm requesting this code I written,
goes to the main and gets merged with main.
Typically the way that workflow works
is someone else on your team will review it, right?
You'll get a second set of eyes on it.
Then they'll review it, it'll look good
and then they'll merge it.
That is how it works.
So you write the code locally,
you commit it to a branch, a feature branch,
landing page branch, whatever it is.
Then you create a pull request which says,
hey, I'd like to merge this with main,
can we get this code in there?
And then someone else reviews it and merge it.
If you buy yourself, then obviously someone else won't review it,
you'll just merge it yourself.
But that's typically how it works.
Did I explain that well, Sean San Jose?
- Yeah, you did.
I'm just wondering, 'cause everything we're doing
is like behind the scenes.
So I guess I'd need to ask Claude to let me test it out
and open it locally.
Is that accurate?
- So I mean, you don't have to,
when you say open it locally, it's already open locally.
When you're writing code, it's all local,
it's on your computer.
So it already is local.
What you'd want to do is just be like,
hey, Claude, can you run this code that we just wrote
so I can test it?
- Gotcha.
- Thank you.
- That makes sense?
- In further record, everything GitHub related
can be managed by Claude.
So you want to say, hey, put this on a branch,
Claude will do it.
Hey, merge this, Claude will do it.
You, I was, I've been a developer for a while.
Using GitHub was one of the most annoying frustrating,
it's just hard to learn thing there is.
You do everything in the terminal and write all these commands.
That's done, thanks to AI, thank God.
AI can just manage everything for you.
Now, how does this tie into the bigger picture?
And the workflows I've been talking about
the last few weeks.
Well, let me share my screen.
This ties in everything I went through so far,
very tightly with the linear workflow
we've been talking about the last few weeks
and everything involved with that.
So for anyone who's new or in the community,
I've been kind of building this workflow
over the last several weeks now.
I'm using a tool called linear
to manage everything I'm building.
And just as context here,
this is all around vibe coding,
this is all around building apps,
everything we're going here.
We'll go to the agent stuff,
the Hermes agent stuff shortly after the next section.
But this is linear.
This is a project management app.
This allows you to track your projects you're building.
Every part of your project is called an issue.
These are basically tasks for your project.
And the way you want to do it is for basically
most of your tasks,
you want them to be their own branch on GitHub.
And one thing you can see here is Alex linked
venture studio idea schema.
This is a branch in GitHub.
And so one way you can think about linear
and the issues you have in linear is
each one of your issues could be its own branch.
And this keeps everything very organized.
This keeps it so that code doesn't step on each other's toes.
One big thing I issue I had when I was building creator,
buddy, my original app, I didn't use branch.
So I just committed everything to main.
I would start one task, one new feature,
and I'd get like halfway through it.
And then a customer would make a request,
taking you build this out as well.
And I go, actually, I like that idea a lot better.
And then I'd start work on that other feature.
And then the other feature, the half code was still there.
And it was just kind of laying around in the code base.
Now with branches, everything is separated.
So that half done feature lives in its own branch.
I could start work on another feature in a different branch
and the code doesn't just kind of sit there and pollute things.
It also makes it so they're organized where
if the two features impact the same code,
it's not gonna mess with each other.
They're on separate branches
so they're not touching each other.
So that's another advantage to putting every single issue
and feature on its own branch.
And so having issues is just a good logical way
for you to separate everything logically
into different branches.
Now I think we talked about this a tad bit last week,
but a good way to kind of automate this
is you put in your agent.md file in codecs
in your claud.md file in claud code.
It's just saying, hey, make sure everything we work on
and there's appropriate issues in linear
and then you use their own branch for each feature.
That'll make it so every time
you're working on claud code in codecs,
it's updating the appropriate things in linear
and making the appropriate branches.
Now I'll pause there.
I'm gonna do this bit by bit
'cause it's a little more complex,
a little bit more advanced.
As Ruben lights up a new Stoggy.
What, any questions on that section I just went over?
Linear issues, branches, let me write this down
'cause now we got multiple, Lauren and then Derek.
So Lauren, you're up.
- Hey, so do I understand correctly
that if you build these issues into different branches
and so that they can't mess up the same code,
later do you kind of merge them into one?
Does that how that works?
- Bingo.
- Later, after you've built out the features,
tested them, make sure they're good,
you can merge them however you want.
So you wanna do best practices.
You can merge them to a staging environment,
so a staging branch.
That's like the not main, it's not what's live,
but it's right before it so you can make sure nothing breaks.
You merge it, then you can merge it.
And if there's conflicts,
so that's what's called conflicts when code kind of steps
on each other's toes,
usually your AI can handle those conflicts pretty well,
they can determine, okay, what should we do
to make sure there's no conflicts in this code?
- Awesome, thank you.
- Of course, Lauren, good question.
Derek.
- Quick question, just still in the progress
of getting my linear setup,
I'm assuming it sets up the to do in progress and in review.
And then second, you said put in your agent.md file,
and the sentence was make sure everything we work on
has an issue in linear, was that just in the agent.md
or another MD?
- Eight, so for codecs,
and basically every other vibe coding tool on planet Earth,
it uses agent.md as its rule file.
Claude code uses Claude.md as its rule file,
so that's why you need to have one.
If you like me and you use codecs and Claude code together,
you would need to update both of those files.
And this is a good opportunity for a meta prompt as well,
where you can say, hey, I want to make the appropriate,
you can go like literally go on a Claude code or code,
say, hey, I want to update your rules file
with appropriate rules around linear and GitHub.
I want each issue to have its own branch.
What are good rules we can put in there
to make sure you do this workflow appropriately?
And then it'll figure out,
you don't have to manually update the rules yourself.
You can say, hey, this is what I want to do.
What are good rules to put in there?
Skippy.
What's up, skippy?
Your camera's breaking up, your mic's breaking up,
everything's breaking up.
- Is that a little bit better?
- Audio better, yes.
- Okay, well, anyway,
first time I was able to jump on live.
Thanks, I appreciate you guys.
I was a question about this.
Are you connecting your linear project track
tracking to your Hermes Canvan workflow
in an automated fashion at all?
- So, technically...
- No.
The reason being is I view linear's Canvan board
and Hermes Canvan board to have two different purposes.
I use linear, this is in cloud coding codecs together
purely for like deep vibe coding sessions
for like big apps I'm building.
So, for instance, I'm building Henry Intelligent Machines.
It's gonna be a pretty complex in depth application.
And so, there's a lot of work that needs to go into that.
And so, this is a good way to keep all that deep technical
work organized, this linear project management.
Now, Hermes Canvan board, which we'll go into later
in this bootcamp, that's more for my Hermes work.
Hermes, an open claw, they don't do deep work for me
on Henry Intelligent Machines.
They don't do the deep coding work.
Hey, can you edit the database?
Can you edit this?
That's more Hermes and open claw
is doing work on my computer.
Can you build me a research report on this?
Can you build me a PowerPoint on this?
Can you drop this file that's on my Mac Mini
over to my iPad?
Right, can you check on the status of this for me?
Is this up and running good?
Can I get an email on this?
It's more kind of employee work.
And so, I use the Canvan board for that.
So, for instance, I wake up,
I wanna do research on micron
to potentially invest in them in the stock market.
I go to my Canvan board,
make a research report on micron
on if I should invest in them or not.
Then after I go, I need a thumbnail
for my YouTube video for later today.
Come up with, use the Chad GBT M&G model
to write me, make me a thumbnail.
The next ago, I'm thinking about a script
for Hermes six use cases on Monday,
write me that script in six use cases.
So, you know what I'm saying now?
Hermes and open claw are more general work.
Cloud code codecs linear are more
for deep vibe coding work on my very specific project.
Does that make sense, Skippy?
- It does, but so do you have an automation type
from this linear to any kind of agent connection
or are you manually directing that?
- This is all automatically being managed.
And what I mean by that is it's in the rules file
for cloud cloud coding codecs
that as it builds functionality, as it fixes bugs,
it's updating and moving around all these issues itself.
I don't manually move or change any of this.
So, if I say, hey, fix this bug or build this feature,
it'll make the issue, put in the details,
move it into in progress,
when it's reviewing it, move it into in review,
when I'm like, oh, I just came up with a new idea
for a feature, it'll create 10 issues
around how to build that feature out.
All of this is managed automatically.
- Hey, thank you.
- So, if you use in cloud code or codecs,
the plugins functionality, they both plug in
very nicely to linear so that it can manage
all your linear stuff for you.
- Okay.
- Great question though.
Thank you, Skippy.
(mouse clicks)
That is linear.
Anything else from a GitHub perspective
that I wanted to cover?
- Yeah. - This is very...
Go ahead, yep, Spencer?
- Sorry, I had a GitHub question.
Do you ever have Hermes agents review PRs
or merge PRs for you or how do you handle that?
- You could, technically.
You know, Hermes agent is a general AI agent harness,
meaning it's an AI agent harness to do anything.
Cloud coding codecs are AI agent harnesses
specifically for coding.
And for those not familiar with the terminology I'm using,
a harness is just big, right?
You have your model, right?
You have your AI model, Claude 4.7, Chad GBT 5.5.
The harness is kind of the wrapper around that,
that when you send prompts,
the wrapper says, okay, Claude,
the user wants to do this, how should we handle it, right?
It's the wrapper for it.
The wrapper for Claude coding codecs are built for coding.
They're built for understanding code,
bringing in large amounts of code to context
and doing things with it.
The harness for Hermes and OpenClaw, not as much.
It could still do coding really well.
I've coded plenty of things with Hermes no one.
It could still do, well, point being Spencer.
If I'm going to have agents review a pull request,
if Claude code wrote it,
I'd rather have codecs review the pull request than Hermes.
If codecs wrote it,
I'd rather Claude code review the pull request
than OpenClaw.
The reason being is those two harnesses
were just made for code writing and review.
- Okay, makes sense.
That's why, again, I do use Hermes and OpenClaw for building.
It's just not the super serious
in-depth, highly technical building.
I use Hermes and OpenClaw for building
when it's quick prototypes.
I'm on the road.
I think of an idea for an app.
I go, Hermes, when I get home,
have this prototype built out for me.
And it builds it out.
It's very good at coding.
It can do it very, very well.
I also do it if I'm having it build tooling for itself.
If I want to improve the can band board in Hermes,
if I want to build out some other sort of dashboard
for OpenClaw,
I would have them build it themselves
because they have better context around my needs.
CodeX and Claude code don't know everything I do
on a daily basis.
Hermes and OpenClaw do.
So I have them build their own tooling for themselves.
But if I'm building something seriously,
I want to launch an app
and the app has a database, a front end,
other functionality, tons of things going on.
I'm going to go to Claude code in CodeX.
The good news is is CodeX's mobile functionality right now
is excellent.
It is very, very,
it is as easy to build things in CodeX
on mobile on the go as it is
to use Hermes and OpenClaw now, which is awesome.
Any other questions on those?
Andy, I'm muted.
What's up, Andy?
How you doing, man?
I'm doing well, man.
How you doing?
Doing well.
So you just mentioned this.
You're like, oh, if I'm doing this in CodeX,
I have Claude code, check it out.
If I do this in Claude code,
I have CodeX, check it out.
That makes a lot of sense to me
having the other one audit it.
How important,
'cause I don't use Claude code at all right now.
I just have CodeX.
Like, is this important enough that like,
I should get Claude code
just for the sake of like,
auditing things that are done in CodeX?
I think there's many reasons to use Claude code
in CodeX side by side.
One of those reasons is they're just different
and there will be times where you want
the others' opinion on things.
That's one reason.
The biggest reason I'd wanna use Claude code
side by side with CodeX2 is,
I do believe Chad GBT 5.5 smarter than Claude.
I do believe CodeX is now better than Claude code,
but Claude code is a thousand times better
with UI in front end.
Like, it might be dumber, it might mess up more,
but if you're building a front end,
CodeX absolutely stinks at it
and Claude code is great at it.
And I, for that reason alone,
wanna have my Claude code subscription
just because it's just very hard
to build good looking front ends with CodeX.
So there's multiple reasons, is it a must have?
No, I don't think it's a must have,
but if you're building something super serious, right?
If you're building an app you wanna launch,
you want thousands of people to use it,
and you wanna turn it into a business,
spending an extra $100, $200 a month
that get like really good UIs, second opinions,
other agents to review things,
I personally believe that's worth the money.
- Okay, that makes sense, thank you.
- CodeX is great though, like you could totally get away
with just using CodeX.
CodeX is a very, very good tool.
They've done a spectacular job
catching that up with Claude code
'cause it's sucked for a while.
- I see what you mean with the UI though,
like I've been trying to build stuff in there,
it's just like, oh my God, this looks terrible.
- It's slop, I mean it's like, it's equally as bad
as like Sonnet 3.5 from two years ago
when I was using it with cursor,
like there's literally just zero improvement
over the last two years on UI when it comes to CodeX.
It's crazy, but it's smart, it's so smart.
It's a very, when I'm doing something challenging
and if just say I'm doing it with Claude code,
I'll bounce this, I'll take Claude code's plan,
give it to CodeX and almost all the time CodeX
will find like four or five different things to improve.
I'll give it back to Claude code, oh shit,
that's pretty good, that's great, yeah, let's do that.
So CodeX is smarter, there's just those,
there's a different thing, there's also one other time,
I'll say I like Claude code more than CodeX
is CodeX is smarter, but there's times
where if you're doing something complex,
CodeX isn't as decisive as Claude code.
And so if I'm giving it this complex problem
and I'm like, builds me a plan and CodeX builds a plan
and I go, but wait a second,
what if we think about it this way, CodeX will go,
oh yeah, you're right, let's change the plan for this
and I'll go, but wait a second,
but what if we think about it this way,
CodeX will go, oh yeah, 100% right,
yeah, let's do it this way, no, no, no, no,
what about this way, and then we're like,
yeah, you're right, let's change it again.
But if I go to Claude code with that same problem
and I say, what do you think about this,
how should you approach this, oh, do it like this
and I'll be like, but what if we think about it this way,
Claude could be like, well, let me steal man myself here,
okay, I took an account, the new facts you gave me
and I'm gonna stick with what I just gave you,
I'll be okay, what about this, no,
I still wanna do it this way.
In that decisiveness for more complex things
is critical, I think, for making decisions
and making good decisions,
if your agent's just kind of waffling in the wind,
you're not gonna make good decisions,
so that's other times like to use Claude code as well.
When I feel like CodeX is starting to kind of sway
in the wind on what it wants to do,
I'll go to Claude code and it might not be as smart,
it'll be decisive with the facts I give it
and so that's when I use Claude code as well.
Any other questions on, go ahead Frank,
what's up Frank, how you doing, man, good to see you.
- Yeah, great to see you too, man,
I appreciate the call here tonight.
I'm just looking at a linear now from your recommendation
and looking at having Claude code and CodeX in linear,
is it right to kind of look at that platform
as like an orchestration platform for coding
and developing apps and those types of things?
- I wouldn't call it orchestration,
when I think orchestration,
I think a model making decisions
and taking actions and delegating.
That's not really what linear is doing,
there's no intelligence behind linear,
I look at linear as more of a second brain for CodeX
and Claude code, where it's able to,
in the same way if you watched my videos on like obsidian
with Hermes and Open Claw,
obsidian kind of amplifies the memory layer of the agent,
it's kind of the same way linear works,
where it'll amplify the memory,
where it'll be able to just have all this context
in one place that all the agents go
and get the context when it needs it.
Right, 'cause if you go to your agent,
Claude Code or CodeX, and you say,
"Here's what I wanna build,"
and you give it this huge thing you wanna build,
and you go, "Okay, get to work."
By the time it's on its six or seventh feature,
it's not gonna remember the full context of the app.
Right, it'll forget it.
But if you have linear,
and it has everything broken down into tasks and issues,
and then each one of those tasks and issues
is these really nice details on how it needs to be done,
it always has the correct context it needs.
And then on top of that, the added benefit is,
now any of your other AI agents, Claude Code, CodeX,
your 20 other CodeX agents can go
and use the same second brain
and have the same centralized knowledge.
Gotcha.
Okay.
So orchestrate, I think, like handing out tasks
and like delegating to the right,
that's not what, linearly is,
it's more of just a second brain for all your agents.
Kind of like an organized workspace, I guess,
for your app.
Yeah, yeah.
And then there's even more benefits,
like if you have teammates,
like I'm working with someone to build out Henry,
and you know, he's able to go in and assign tasks to himself
and work on different things,
so it adds even more benefits there.
Yeah, I guess like hiring like human developers too,
maybe to like check code at the end is,
this is a great platform for that as well too,
kind of getting everybody in one place.
Exactly, right, because they can go in,
they can look at issues,
see what branch is attached to each issue,
and like go in and pull the code down and test it.
Awesome.
Yeah, of course, thank you.
Oh, did you have a question?
You just thumbs it up.
That's your question.
Oh, move, what's up, move?
Good to see you, move.
How you been, man?
Oh, good, good, it's been a while.
I'm still around.
Good, good to see you still around, man.
Life and good?
Yeah, yeah, I'm building a physical AI course,
humanoid robot, so.
That sounds awesome.
I'm gonna have to check out your robots, man,
when you build them.
Oh, no, the robot, yeah, the robot is there.
I bought the robot and I'm offering classes
on how to program the robot.
That's sick.
Yeah, tools, yeah, so yeah, thanks for the session.
I have a question, and so I'm using linear to set up
as the brain as you suggest.
I'm not sure, I'm not sure.
Using linear to set up as the brain as you suggested,
and both have like $100 subscriptions
on both codecs and cloud code.
And I'm trying to use them to reveal each other's work.
One of the things I found frustrating was that
when I set up issues, when I have codecs,
set up issues on linear, it keeps asking me for commission.
I don't know how to say, I'll give you all the permission
to do it.
I don't know if you've ran to this problem or not.
Yeah, I am a full-time all permissions go type of guy.
So, cloud auto mode, you might have to go into the settings
to enable auto mode, and then codecs full access,
full access mode.
Anyone ask for permission to do anything?
So that includes my permission from the outside,
my connectors?
Yes.
Okay, I didn't know that.
Okay, cool, thank you.
Listen, I think the models are officially smart enough
where you don't need permission.
And a lot of dorks on Twitter will say,
"Allen, so you're getting people in trouble.
"Don't recommend to do that, shut up."
But go all systems go, full access, auto mode,
let it rip, they're smart enough.
I take no responsibility of everything
on your side gets destroyed.
But it's smart enough, so just do it.
(laughing)
This is the no dorks on right here.
Thank you.
That's the thing about vibe coding.
We're nerds, but we are not dorks.
Nurds are allowed in vibe coding academy.
Dorks are not allowed.
Cool, thank you.
Now, full moon.
Is there like a raise hand button,
or how do we get in for questions?
Order, but it's Skool stinks with that stuff.
There's no queue.
So I kind of look for emojis,
but a lot of times I miss the emojis.
So you can just jump in.
I don't really care.
There's not many rules here.
How you doing, Tommy?
I'm good.
I literally just joined like three minutes ago.
So it's pretty cool to jump in on a call, so.
Let's go.
Sick, good to have you here, man.
Yeah, excited to be here.
You know, if it isn't redundant,
or you know, it's in the course,
I haven't had a chance to overlook everything.
But as far as right now,
I'm in the learning phase.
I've been spending a lot of time have heard me set up.
It's been doing a lot of the tasks
that I need in my business, which has been great.
So one of my goals with while I'm learning,
I want to record.
I want to basically capture my process,
my point of view as I'm going through this.
I just wanted to get some tips on you on that regard.
So I have OBS running basically what I'm doing right now.
OBS runs, I'm screen recording everything that I'm doing.
There's some narration.
And that's it right now.
The goal is to post it on YouTube, right?
And kind of share the journey along with others.
So just want to get some tips on that
since I'm really starting from the ground floor.
And I want to capture what I'm doing.
No, that's great.
First of all, I don't know how much interest there is for,
but I'm going to do it anyway.
I'm going to make like a YouTube course
in the community as well.
So I can cover video creation and all that.
So let me just write that down.
YouTube, VCA course, I'm going to get to that.
I got a lot of videos I got to make for you guys.
We have I think like five or six different courses
in here, Tommy, Open Claw.
Open Claw heard me, same thing, same course.
Claude Code, Claude Code Code X, same thing.
They both apply to each other.
And a Twitter growth master class.
I think Twitter is a good place to start for content,
but if you want to go for YouTube,
for sure go for YouTube.
It's the holy grail of social media.
I think your question was,
do I have tips around kind of recording yourself
when it comes to content?
You can definitely do OBS.
I tried OBS for a while.
Like it's the most customizable.
You'll be able to do the most with it.
I want more for speed.
I use TELA, T-E-L-L-A to record myself for YouTube.
Like it just makes things simple.
I'm not like a big video editor or things like that.
So it handles most of that for me.
Here's what I'd say from a tips perspective.
I would say, do it as much as you can, right?
It's going to be awkward at first.
Filming yourself, it's one of the most awkward things
in the world you can do is turn on a camera and talk into it.
You know, I started doing it about two years ago, YouTube.
And if you sort my YouTube videos by oldest,
the first 50 or horrendously awkward videos
because I was new to kind of talking to camera thing.
And that's going to be your biggest hurdle and challenge
when it comes to creating content
is that kind of awkwardness.
Like the most important skill
when it comes to content is charisma.
That's the most important skill.
And charisma is 100% a skill.
You can become more interesting.
You can become more funny.
You can become more, more well spoken.
You just, it only comes from practice.
That's it.
So when it comes to recording,
like you see other YouTube channels,
they got all the motion graphics, the whiz, the wangs,
the bangs, the things flying across this
that I don't care about any of that.
I have a thesis that as long as you are an interesting
human being, the editing really does not matter.
And so Tommy, I'd say this, record yourself,
get it out there.
And then every time you put out content,
review what you did, find one tiny little thing to improve
and improve it while at the same time looking at signal.
What is getting views?
What is getting people interested?
What's getting high click-through rates?
And just looking for signal
and making those micro pivots around the way.
Right now, you haven't really started yet or done anything.
The path is not really clear in front of you,
but the more action you take,
the more the path will show itself, right?
So just take as much action as you can,
record as many videos as you can,
while also being honest with yourself
on what is and isn't working
and the path will slowly start to show itself.
But listen, record yourself, make it actionable,
make it interesting, bring energy.
There's so many, again, dorks on YouTube,
making AI tutorial videos
that are horrendously boring and uninteresting.
Be exciting and interesting.
And people will enjoy your content.
- Now, appreciate those pointers.
So Tella really is the, as far as execution goes,
Tella should handle what I need then.
- If you aren't looking for obscene amounts
of customization when it comes to screen sharing,
like if you just wanna put your face on the screen
and your screen on the screen,
and that's it, that's all you care about.
Tella is a good one.
Screen Studio is another good one people use.
Screen Studio is also a one-time purchase.
Tella is a monthly, like $40 a month.
It's like expensive for some reason.
So those are usually the two people go
with when it comes to screen.
OBS is the other one.
A lot of people use OBS.
It's probably the most popular.
I just found it to be a little bit more technical
than what I was looking for.
- Okay, but you think that formatting is far as,
I know it's kind of technical,
but you have the formatting of share screen,
clip of yourself, walking through what we're talking about.
You think that that's a good format to continue on.
And that's what I've been doing
for probably about two weeks now.
- It is, and listen, when it comes to content,
it comes down to two things.
The quality of what you're doing and your competition, right?
Attention is a zero-sum game.
A lot of people over the last couple of years
have blown up on YouTube over doing AI tutorial videos
and so the competition's getting more and more and more.
So does it work?
Yeah, it works.
It's what I do.
It works for me.
It just, when you're now at your starting,
because there's more competition,
you're just gonna have to go to the extra level
when it comes to standing out.
Being more interesting, going over a use case.
A lot of people, like 60% of YouTuber's strategies
are like, I'll watch other people's videos
and then just say the exact same thing.
Whatever use case they give, I'll give.
So, you know, being interesting
and giving original content ideas, use cases,
that those will be two good ways to have you stand out.
- Yeah, I mean, I've run several businesses
for the last 15 years now,
and so I'm taking the perspective
of the entrepreneurship framework
and actually really use cases for real businesses
and how to build them, so that's the focus
and that's what I wanna share.
If you can find that unique angle, right?
If it's just another, here's five cloud code tips.
It's gonna be tough to break through,
but if you find that angle, like,
hey man, I started this huge corporation.
Here's how I built this company.
Like, it's more important than ever
to kind of find your angle in the space.
- That's it, I appreciate the pointers.
Thank you.
- Appreciate you, Tommy, and we'll do, you know,
there's a reason why there's an X Growth Masterclass
in this community.
It's because I believe social media
is a massively important piece to this puzzle.
Moving forward, piece to this AI puzzle.
I think the job of the future
is kind of the creator entrepreneur,
where people, you know,
we're losing a lot of jobs right now,
and I think a lot of people are going to have to,
they're gonna be out on their own.
Good news is you can build anything you want nowadays,
AI, just any business you want, any product you want,
you can visit, create it easier than ever.
The challenges is that you have to stand out
in a space where anyone can build anything,
and I think one of those ways to stand out
is social media and content.
And so, I appreciate the YouTube questions.
Anyone can ask any question on YouTube, Twitter,
they want, and yeah, important.
So, any questions, happy to do that.
And I'll make more content in here around YouTube tips
and Twitter tips and things like that.
- Appreciate it. - Appreciate it.
Been drinking a lot more water lately.
Been having the best week of my life,
sleep, week of sleep of my life.
My sleep, I'm not waking up at night anymore,
I've been chugging water out the wazoo.
You're having trouble sleeping.
Drink more water.
- Just stop drinking a few hours before bed,
otherwise you'll be waking up in all night.
That is the tip, listen, it's the tip everyone gives.
I'm sure there's scientific fact behind it.
I'm sure there is.
I will say this, I chug water right before bed.
I'll just say it, I chug water right before bed.
I do not wake up at night.
So, if you have like a super alpha male bladder like me,
you can drink water a little bit closer to bed.
If you have a little bit of a weaker bladder,
then you might want to cut it off a couple hours before bed.
- I'll give you the science real quick, it's age.
Just give me a few years.
- How old are you, Tommy?
- I'm 43.
- You're 43?
All right, I'm 35.
- Starts happening around 40, so, you'll see.
- Yeah, it doesn't get any better at 60.
- It doesn't kind of turn around
and get all of a sudden you're at the top of your game at 60.
- Talk to the game in a lot of moments,
but not in the having to get up
and go to the bathroom at night
if you drink too much water before bedtime crowd.
- I'll also say is, I'm not a doctor
and this might get a little bit into the bro science space.
So apologies for this.
There was a period in my life for like,
and I know this is totally off topic.
I'm sorry if this pisses people off.
I'm just going into a real, it's my community.
So, deal with it.
There was a time in my life a few years ago,
I woke up and peed every night, every single night,
and I hated it.
It annoyed me so much.
I went out of my way to not give in to those urges
for like two weeks.
I'd wake up and I'd have to go, I'd be, no, screw this.
I'm going back to sleep no matter what.
After those two weeks of refusing to give in those urges,
I haven't peed at night one time since.
I think there's a mental aspect of peeing at night
that people don't talk about.
And then there'll be times where like,
I'll wake up to go pee at night,
and all of a sudden next unites, I'm doing it.
I go, no more Alex, no more, no more, no more, boom,
no more doing it.
So I think there's a mental aspect to it as well.
So a little bit of what I think there is.
What's that Sean?
- How many times did you have to change your sheets?
Just a few.
(laughing)
- You son of a.
- I've never peed at night, ever.
Anyway, I refuse to be the bad, you'll never do it.
What's that, justice?
- Hey buddy, glad to be here,
thanks again for doing us.
This, you've inspired me, I talk about this,
I've done all my friends all the time,
they think I'm fucking nuts.
But I feel so confident because of all the information
that you share with us all the time,
all these groups, everything.
So I just want to give you a shout out to that.
And I'm building, I'm trying to build a HIPAA compliant,
kind of specialized electronic health records
that's specifically for a certain group of people.
And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit
about any advice that you might have
or anything about that?
- Yeah, so my uncle's a doctor.
And he texts me every five minutes with a new idea.
What to build?
Because the healthcare industry is behind
in a million different ways.
He says everything's inconvenient, everything's annoying.
If you build things that fix this,
you can make millions of dollars and be rich.
The challenge and one of the reasons why it's so behind
is there's just a lot of rules and regulations, right?
Obviously, there's just rules and regulations.
They don't want people's health data leaking.
So there's HIPAA compliancy and stuff like that.
So I'll say this.
One, give me honest.
Give me all your everything I did.
- Oh, I had everything I did.
Oh, how long just did you mind muting real quick?
- Just as you mind muting real quick.
- Thank you.
Despite all that great peeing at night advice
I just gave you, I'm actually not a doctor.
I'm not a doctor.
I know that's a surprise to people here.
I'm not a healthcare professional.
Despite that incredible advice I just gave out.
But one thing that is a pretty good healthcare professional
is AI.
So I'd just say this, justice.
I hope I'm pronouncing it right, justice.
I would say, all right, good.
I would say make sure every step of the way,
everything you're doing to console with,
I'd have a, if you take the Claude Code Masterclass,
I talk a lot about having a co-pilot CEO.
I would, that has access to everything.
You should have access to your linear
with all the tasks in it.
You should have access to the plans,
everything about the app.
I console with it and say, hey,
what should I know here about healthcare requirements
and laws and regulations?
What should I do here to be prepared?
Anything I'm not, anything I'm overlooking.
What can I change?
How can I be more compliant?
And now either way you're gonna want to
probably console with a lawyer at some point
after you validated your idea and built out the app
just to make sure you're 100% compliant
with all those regulations.
But along the way you could get 95, 99% the way there,
just 'cause AI knows all the laws and regulations
and make sure it's done the right way.
And then that final step after you've built out the product,
you validate the idea, you have people waiting to buy it.
Maybe you've talked to a couple of doctors and hospitals
and they're like, oh yeah, hell yeah,
it's gonna make my life way easier.
Then you can take that final step and go to lawyers
and make sure it's HIPAA compliant and all that.
- Yeah, if I could jump in for a hot second.
- Yes.
- For justice, acting.
- Oh yeah, go ahead.
- Y2K, I actually built a medical app,
database medical application for mental healthcare clinicians
and I have a uniquely strong background in compliance.
First of all, I completely agree with Alex
and he has non-doctorly advice
because having that co-pilot will save you so much work
and that's the power and having a licensed professional
review it at the end of the day is key,
but HIPAA is an interesting animal
because unlike something like, say, PCI,
there is no certification for HIPAA.
I know they talk about high trust,
but that's not official.
That's a community who's come together
and sort of made something.
And so, you can truly get most of the way there
and like WebMD or something similar,
if you put disclaimers out there and say,
this gets you all the way.
If you want to just automate this
and tell you this as a non-lawyer,
well, it's like, what on TV?
Give it to the customer, the audience that you're building for
and say, this is the final thing.
If you want to, it's your responsibility
to carry this to a final approval and responsibility,
actually a lot like TurboTax, right?
They will stand behind the accuracy of doing your taxes,
but they are not tax attorneys for you.
So that's the line you might want to explore.
And like Alex says, talk to a lawyer at the end of the day,
but that's the power.
Depends if you want to do this as a service
or as a SaaS or as a product.
I don't know, but my two cents.
- Thank you.
- Helpful, helpful justice?
- Yeah, that was really helpful.
Yeah, I appreciate that.
And can I ask one more follow-up question on that?
- Yes.
- As far as going native versus cloud
for an application like that, is there value in maybe,
I mean, or is it, is it gonna be harder to sell
kind of a native thing?
Can I put it on a computer and then sell the computer
to the company?
I'm just curious about kind of the last phase of if,
once I get this product built, is it,
how do I navigate cloud versus native?
And I was wondering if you could just speak on that.
- I have a thought too, if you don't mind.
Sorry, Alex.
- Go ahead.
- Yeah.
So I just left at the last day of March,
or the second to the last day of March,
I joined the Vibe Code Academy since Alex and notes
that I'm all in.
Here's a year and he replied.
I am finally getting myself together
to do something about it.
So this is the first week I've joined these meetings,
joined the scrum, scrum on Tuesday,
met a couple of people really like this.
But when I left my job,
I was a C-suite person with a budget and I bought things.
So, your question is to somebody like myself.
And I would tell you that depending on the use case,
there is absolutely a market for fully self-contained
for privacy purposes.
A lot of companies, I actually just left
the yesterday C-level gathering.
And the whole conversations were,
how do we build these things internally?
Because privacy is scary to us tremendously.
This is more voodoo than even cybersecurity.
And we're really worried.
So we want to build internally,
if it's regarding internal sensitive data
and you cited medical.
So this might be exactly the right play.
SaaS is one of those things where you then have to get
like SOC 2 compliance and other third party assurances
that this is done to in a way that they can transfer liability
or satisfy their cyber liability and EOM and those kinds of things.
And that's a lot of extra work for you.
You may not want to do.
You can satisfy a lot of your liability with a good EULA
that says, you know, this is not really adequate
for any particular purpose.
You usually your own risk and being a little facetious,
but I'm also kind of not.
And just explaining in a good detailed product document
how it works exactly, what controls you put in
and you, you know, make it clear
that they are responsible for running it over time,
unless you intend to, you know,
create a subscription model for income and then maintain it.
But that becomes an interesting problem to scale.
You don't want to get entangled
as a one person for, you know, organization
to provide support unless you're going to go all in
with agentic data center, voice agents and all that.
I just can't.
The liability is huge, but I think there's a real play
in which was your original question.
Sorry, I kind of got down the rabbit hole.
For the right audience, I also used to work in the DOD,
which is part of my compliance background.
I'm just part of a global authority for a branch
of the Defense Department and I adjudicated risk
for everybody around the planet.
And so I got to talk to people who wrote the rules
and I would counsel on the letter of the rules,
the compliance rules, as well as the spirit
in which it was a road, et cetera.
And there's a lot of things you can do
in productizing your on-brain, whatever form it is.
You just have to explain clearly how it fits.
So you might, in addition to talking to a lawyer
about your writing or you love for it.
And you might also get some revenue off of subscriptions
for support because one of the requirements
for a lot of these entities is I cannot deploy software
unless it has an active support subscription
of some sort, can't be dead software.
So you might actually be able to get them
an annual recurring revenue going and just say,
I will give you updates to your platform once a year
when I do major updates and something like that.
And you can actually make it more
than a one-time purchase or even the licensing,
well, anyway, there's less licensing choices.
But I'm going to stop because I went way past your question.
I'm sorry.
- Well, I would like to talk to you more.
Maybe we can connect offline, that would be amazing.
And so yeah, I'm sure there's other people
that have other questions.
So I don't want to monopolize too much.
I feel like this has been super valuable.
But I want to hear what you had to say, Alex, too.
- Listen, Skippy has much better advice than me,
but I'll just say this.
When you, you know, there's many,
there's some fields that are ripe for disruption.
Healthcare is one of them.
Government's another one of them.
Law's another one of them.
Just really old, big, colossal fields
that take a long time to do things.
But if you can crack them,
there's a lot of money to be made.
And so along the way, you know,
you're trying to disrupt healthcare.
Long way there's going to be a lot of challenges,
a lot of things you can do.
But as long as you've got the right idea, man,
just fight through them,
you have more resources than ever at your fingertips
to get it done and figure it out.
Imagine trying to do this stuff 20 years ago, no AI.
You have to like call up a lawyer, it costs $1,000.
Hey, what the hell is HIPAA compliant?
How the hell do I do that?
Now you just go on $20 chat GBT and say,
what do I need to know?
What do I do?
What do I change?
You know, talk to AI every step of the way.
Figure it'll help you figure it out.
And it'll be worth, it's going to be a lot more work
what you're trying to disrupt.
But the good news also is you're going to have
a lot less competition because it's so much more work.
Right, so it's never been easier.
It's still challenging, but it's never been easier
to disrupt those types of fields.
And there's billions of dollars we made
if you can do it.
That's my advice.
- Thank you, thank you so much.
- I appreciate you, appreciate your big dog.
We kind of went in different directions there.
I still have two things I want to cover,
kind of advanced plan mode,
which is a slightly different workflow I've come up with.
And then a couple of things with Hermes agent.
Well, let's just do it, I'm going to move on.
Again, once we go through all the topics,
we have open Q&A, you can ask whatever the hell you want.
So we'll go back to instruction until then.
Let me do a thing here.
What I'm going to go over next,
I went over on the live vibe coding session yesterday.
So if you were there, this might be a little bit of a repeat,
but I'll go through this quick.
I've come up with a workflow.
I'm sure other people come up with it in the past,
but now I've integrated it fully into my workflow.
So I want to show it to you called advanced plan mode.
What is advanced plan mode?
Good question, Alex.
Advanced plan mode is when you go into regular plan mode
in codecs or cloud code,
what it does is, you have plan mode in codecs
and cloud code, you know, you have co-air plan mode,
and you want to plan on a feature,
say you want to build out a new landing page.
You go plan mode, hey, I want to build a new landing page.
And it goes, all right, here's three questions
on your landing page.
What do you want to do this?
You want to make it red or blue?
Do you want to make it reactive?
You want to make it mobile friendly?
Answer the three questions that goes and it builds it.
Advanced plan mode is what I've been doing.
So I'm building out this new feature in Henry
called Venture Studio.
And I go in and I describe to codecs or cloud code
what I want to do.
So I want to build this feature called Venture Studio.
I like it to do these few things.
And then I go ask me as many questions as you need to
to fully understand in detail what I'm trying to build out
so that you can plan it out and build it.
And what happens is, as you can see here,
it literally asked me 80 plus questions
about this feature.
These are all my quick little answers on it.
80 plus questions.
And what I also tell to do is use all the details you get
to build out linear issues and put in the details
and the linear issues.
And so here's the workflow.
You have a new big feature you want to build out.
If you go to one of your codecs or cloud code agents
and say, hey, I want to build this out.
Here's what I think.
Ask me as many questions as you need
to fully understand this in depth.
Then create the linear issues in detail.
Then you hit Enter.
And it's going to ask you like 80 questions,
but here's what you do.
As it's asking you questions,
you go and you work on other things.
You work on other features.
And in between your agent building out the other features,
you just come back and answer whatever the last question is.
So you come in, answer the question from the Advanced Plan Mode,
then go over to cloud code on the left
and build out the next feature.
Then once that agent starts working,
you go back over to codecs in that one agent,
answer question, then maybe go to a different codecs agent
and work on a different feature, right?
And so now you have something to do
in between your agents working
where you're answering these Advanced Plan Mode questions.
And by the end of the 80 or so questions,
it now is fully planned out in depth.
And it has so much detail
and there are so many linear issues built for this feature
that you basically can just say,
"Hey, go build it all."
And let's go issue by issue building it out.
So Advanced Plan Mode, you prompt it,
hey, ask me as many questions you need to
in order to understand what I'm trying to build here.
And then you go work on other features and functionality
and just go back to that agent answering questions
in between work.
And you will, as you go, it's no additional time needed
'cause you're just using this for the in-between time
of your agents working,
you will in between build out really advanced,
big functionality that's really well planned.
And if you have the same workflow as me here,
where you have Claude, go to the left codecs on the right,
maybe a few agents for each working,
you're just gonna get a ton done,
just 10x your productivity, you get a lot of work done.
It's also a good thing, you know, if you're,
maybe you're in your Tesla, you're on full self,
driving mode, you don't have to use much of your brain,
just to answer a bunch of simple questions
over and over and over again.
Maybe you're at the gym in between a set all
and answer a couple of questions from the Advanced Plan Mode,
really easy to manage with the new codecs mobile app.
Any questions on that, that kind of advanced plan mode,
planning, multi-agent approach?
Hope.
- Hi, Alex, can you hear me?
- I can, and Andy, I'm gonna get you next.
What's up, Hope? - Okay.
Yeah, so first of all, Alex, thank you for all these,
just wanna say a couple of words.
I see all the things and I appreciate you.
And the difference of you,
just a couple of surprising words to you here,
I see all kind of scroll there,
just talking about each, about you, you know,
and Ed, I even feel like they're taking screenshots
from your quotes or from things that's posting in Facebook
or Instagram, places like that.
And they're making some sense.
Oh, these guys told yesterday he was telling about codecs
and today he's talking about like crowd code.
You know what I mean?
Like when you change your thing,
but they don't understand that OI
is more evolving feed right now.
And today is the worst day of AI, actually,
tomorrow definitely gonna be the better.
And then if it's good, today, maybe tomorrow,
it's not that good, so you know what I mean?
But I appreciate you don't even care and pay attention.
And you just, you are not like just loyal to one.
And that's what I appreciate because most people,
they just, maybe they get sponsors or anything,
things like that.
But you know, they just stick with one agent,
with one platform, and that's how you keep
some more things and doing stuff like that.
But yeah, that's basically your UCA,
your unique selling proposition, you know,
you just don't stick with it, I appreciate that.
So my question is real quick.
So what I understand, Alex,
or the planning that you were talking about,
you just do everything inside the codecs.
The same fact that do the code building,
that writing the code and the code relating stuff,
and then co-pilot stuff.
Because before, I know you were having
like second start GPT window open, right?
Or like cloud window.
So in this scenario, you don't use different start GPT app.
That means that the tab, you just use the same, right?
Is that correct?
- So, so there is chat functionality in codecs.
There's like a section below the coding chats,
or just straight up chat.
I still use chat GBT's app, desktop app.
The reason being is in codecs,
you can't really control the like thinking
or pro or instant.
I like that control.
And so I'll still use like in the course
in the cloud code master class.
I still use like a co-pilot,
but in the chat GBT desktop app.
So I'm still doing that,
even though you can kind of chat.
And it also depends, if it's like high level strategy,
I'm using the co-pilot chat GBT app,
not Microsoft co-pilot.
Just like my terminology, co-pilot CEO.
I don't do anything Microsoft co-pilot.
But if it's questions or strategy
around the specific feature I'm building in codecs already,
then I'll just chat in codecs to that agent already.
- Okay, so the one you just showed,
that's the touch GPT top, right?
The AD questions, that's the one,
that's the advantage of that rating.
- That's codecs 'cause the person asking me the AD questions
is going to be the codecs agent, right?
So it asks me the AD questions,
then it's gonna build it out after.
So I do that in codecs, not chat.
- That's what my question, sorry, probably,
I didn't ask it right, but that's what I was asking.
So in the scenario you just showed,
it's inside the codec, and it's at the same rate.
The same agent is working both building
and answering your questions,
meaning like adding your questions
and getting resonating with that question, right?
- Yes.
- Okay, thank you.
- And you addressed the first thing you said
around the tools and loyalty.
Yeah, it's weird.
I get that criticism on Twitter for some reason,
which is like I jump around between all the tools a lot,
and like when Open Claw came out in January,
I said Open Claw is the greatest tool ever.
Now it's May, I'm saying Hermes is the greatest tool ever.
Yeah, 'cause the space moves fast.
There's new, the tool is not gonna be,
it's not like these are cheeseburgers.
The cheeseburger industry's been figured out.
There's not gonna ever really be innovation in cheeseburgers.
So if your favorite cheeseburger switched every other day,
that'd be a weird thing.
But AI tools, there's innovations every single day.
There's new tools that come out every single day.
So to get upset because someone likes Open Claw one day
and Hermes and that, that doesn't make any sense.
They're changing constantly and constantly releasing new updates.
So point being is you can't have loyalty
to any of these tools or companies
because they're all changing and improving
and getting worse every single day.
And so the point of this community,
like when it started this community,
all I talked about was cloud code.
That was it, 'cause that was the,
when this started in November last year,
that was the best tool.
That was, I thought the best tool to be using
for everything AI.
Now codecs is better than cloud code.
Now Hermes is like a tool that's a total game changer.
So I'll always just be talking about
what is the highest leveraged tools
you need to be using in AI.
It could change every day.
Something can happen next week.
Maybe Google's new Spark is better
than everything else on Planet Earth.
This will be a Google Spark community, right?
I'm just gonna talk about this community,
whatever the highest leveraged best tools are.
I don't care who makes it.
I don't care what it is.
We're gonna learn what the best tools are
so we can be the most productive
and build the coolest products.
- All right.
The people that are real quick, if I can just jump in.
I know you didn't talk about Hermes yet.
You're gonna talk by just a quick question about that.
So how often do you start the new session with Hermes?
Meaning, let's say you are doing two, three hours,
let questions and answers.
Do you ever use that new or you let it
automatically come up to, you know, the start
and then ask you the next question.
- I let it automat, I never used,
I'm gonna be honest, I don't really use new session at all.
I used to have compaction issues with Hermes originally.
It doesn't seem like those are really issues anymore.
So if you're using Telegram topics, right?
Which are like the different threads for every topic
you talk about, then there really isn't any need
to use new sessions.
- Because usually for me, it's easier to interact with Hermes
with a terminal.
I don't know if it makes a difference or probably
there is no difference, right?
We are telegram or we are terminal.
So because like copy and paste thing and all the stuff
that's the question and answer, it's easier for me.
So would you recommend the telegram versus terminal
or doesn't matter?
- Yeah, I like telegram better.
I just like working at a telegram
because then my conversations can continue
you know, on the road when I go different places.
You know, in a terminal, I can't go on my phone
and continue the terminal session.
But on telegram, I can continue it on any device I have.
So, and you also have topics in telegram, right?
So you can split up your chat into content, programming,
you know, whatever.
The topics are really, really good too.
So I don't really use the terminal for pretty much anything
Hermes or open cloud related.
- Sounds good, thank you.
And the topics are the same as you were talking about
on the open-class master class, right?
The way you set it up with Hermes is gonna be the same, right?
I think you have some section in the open-class master class.
You're talking about how to set up the channels or topics
inside the system.
- It's gonna be the exact same thing, yeah.
- Okay. - Yeah.
- Okay. - All right, thanks.
- I have a question.
- Exactly.
- Yeah, what's up Sarah?
- I was on a roll for this with a while
and then my real job took over and I feel like
I'm coming in blind after not really working on it
diligently for about two months.
But are you saying you're developing an app
and then running it, running the development
through cloud code and Hermes simultaneously?
Are they not fighting each other?
- So I'm doing the development,
so I'm building an app called Henry
and I'm doing the development between cloud code and codecs.
So Hermes is my AI agent, that's my general AI agent.
Basically my employee.
- Right. - That handles everything else
except for app building for me.
That handles writing reports, doing research,
things like that, responding emails, whatever.
Cloud code codecs, those are the coding tools,
those are the coding agents.
And so they're building Henry out for me.
Now are they stepping on each other's toes?
No, if done the right way, they won't, right?
You wanna make sure each agent, each chat is
not only working on different features and functionality,
this is also where linear comes in really well
where each agent is working on a specific linear issue
and the linear issues are very separated
in different things, right?
So as long as they're working on separate things,
as long as they're working on separate branches,
they're not gonna really walk on each other's toes.
- Okay, so I feel like I'm at an 80% solution
and then this last 20% is kicking my rear end
to get it all the way to launch.
So I'm trying to move over to Hermes and use codecs
is that what you recommend?
Just it can go back and take all of the information
from Cloud code and put it into, from Open Claw
and put it into Hermes and use codecs instead.
That's where I'm a little bit confused.
Like where does all that memory and development
get switched from one to the other?
- So you're specifically talking about building
an application out, a full-scale application out?
- Correct, yes.
- So I would remove Open Claw and Hermes
from this equation completely.
So just to delineate clearly, Open Claw, Hermes,
general purpose AI agents.
- Right.
- Cloud code codecs, coding tools, vibe coding tools, right?
Two separate, you technically can code
with Hermes and Open Claw
and you technically can manage your computer
with codecs and Cloud code.
The difference is the harness for Open Claw and Hermes
is built for doing general things on your computer,
creating files, moving things around.
The harness for Cloud code and codecs
is basically built just for coding, right?
So you're just gonna get better coding results.
So if you're working on a full-scale app,
backend, front-end, authentication, payments.
- Payments, the whole thing, yeah.
- What code codec?
- Okay.
- Those are the tools you wanna be using.
Now, when you talk about memory,
well, they're both pretty good
at just like looking at the app
and just figuring out the way it works and what it does.
But other than that, that's where linear comes in.
Linear, again, acts as kind of a second brain.
So, you know, both Cloud code and codecs,
at any time we were able to go in
and see what other issues are in there
and be like, okay, this is what they're building,
this is what they're doing.
So that helps as well.
- So linear will connect,
basically everything that I've developed in Cloud code
over to codecs, is that what you're saying?
- Yes.
- So they can-- - Yes.
- Okay, got it.
All right, thank you.
I'm so excited to get back at this.
- Amazing. - I feel like
I'm just doing 20 years of information.
It's like I wake up every day
and something has changed drastically.
- It's the way it works, the world nowadays.
It's like the best time to be employed
and the worst time to be employed ever.
Like if you're employed, you're very lucky you got a job.
But if you're employed, you have no time
to stay on top of all these cutting edge tools.
So it's like, it's tough.
- Yeah, I'm so excited to be busy.
So I'm excited.
I think this is really gonna make a difference in my field
and I'm excited and I've showed,
I've got the app into flight test with Apple
and I'm able to like show some people what it does
and I'm excited.
I just need to get it all the way to the finish line
and launch.
- Amazing.
First of all, I would love if you posted in the community
your progress, what you're building, things you learned,
what you used to do it.
I think that'd be wildly helpful for everyone
if you would do that too.
- Okay, one quick question.
I'm having trouble with AI parsing.
Like it gets one thing correct or it gets everything correct
and then misses one thing
and then I try to have it correct that one thing
and it messes everything else up for a parser.
Do you have a specific tool
that you would use to parse information from a document?
- I'm not sure to be quite honest with you.
- Okay, I'll send you a direct message later.
I don't want to take up everybody's time on us.
Thank you.
- That worked.
- I was just gonna say something, if you don't mind.
- You'll wish on the map for a job.
- As far as memory goes,
I connected Cloud Code Mem Palace,
which is, I don't know,
she was an actress for Resident Evil,
but basically to help you get persistent memory.
So, Cloud Code knows exactly if I say something
on one of my products,
if I don't have it connected to linear,
it will actually do a keyword search
and then find the context for that.
- So that's Mem Palace?
- Yeah, Mem Palace, it was the actress from Resident Evil.
It's an open source front on,
so she hired some developers to basically build it.
And obviously she's got some money to back that.
(indistinct chatter)
Sorry, go ahead.
- And create-- - It creates a job.
- Yeah, yeah, exactly.
It creates tunnels and drawers.
And I haven't quite gotten it to work
like a brain where it goes on one topic
and then follows like the neurons basically.
But if you look at the obsidian, it's all triangulated.
So I'm not there yet,
but it's been super helpful for me.
- Excellent, so that's another waiting time
but second brain memory enhancement.
- And Andrei Carpathi, I think you mentioned this
has wiki LLM.
- Yes, I built my own.
It's pretty easy to build your own, but yes.
There you go.
Oh, Derek, were you jumping in, Derek?
- Yeah, real quickly.
I have my repos on GitHub.
I haven't done any forking yet,
so I wanted to circle back on that.
So let's use your example of building a landing page.
Do you go to your desktop GitHub app and then say,
create a fork or create a pull request?
Because isn't that sort of like asking yourself
if you should do something?
So I'm a little confused about that.
- Repeat the question one more time.
So in other words, I have a GitHub desktop.
I've got some things on GitHub,
but when we were talking about forking earlier,
do you go into your GitHub desktop app and say,
I want to create a fork,
or do you say I want to create a pull request?
And isn't a pull request kind of like asking yourself
to do something?
So what's the objective of in the objective
what you're trying to do is start working on a new feature
or merge it into main?
- No, I was using your example of saying,
"Hey, you want to create a fork to create a landing page."
Do you go into your GitHub desktop app
and then click on generate a fork
or do you click on pull request?
And then yeah, I'm just a little confused on that.
- So I'm not using the GitHub desktop app at all.
I don't do any real GitHub management myself manually.
Claude Codex can do all of that, right?
So in the rules file for Claude code and codecs,
it knows whenever we're working on a new feature,
we create a new branch for it, right?
- Oh. - Yeah.
And so if you put that in your rules file,
every time it works on a new issue in linear,
it'll create its own new branch just for that.
You're not clicking anything, doing anything.
It's just doing that itself.
And then when you're done, you can say, okay, merge this.
And then it will go itself and be like, all right,
I want to create a pull request,
accept it and merge it in.
So you're not doing anything.
- So that's the rules file in Claude or Codex.
- Yeah, and so what I would do is I would metaprompt it.
And what I mean by that is you go into Claude code codecs,
whatever you're using, you say, hey,
I want to add rules to your rules file
that make it so every time you work on a new feature
in linear, a new issue in linear,
you open a new branch on GitHub.
And then when we're done,
you create the pull request and merge it.
And then you'll be, okay, here's the rules we should add.
And you got a perfect, then it adds it itself.
And then it'll start that process for you automatically.
- Okay, and then one last question.
I see now that with the version of OpenCLAW,
I have now you can, it lets you know
when there's an update available.
Have you tried updating it from within the app
and has that been more successful
than doing it from the terminal?
- All my OpenCLAW updates are done the same way,
which is I go to OpenCLAW and say,
hey, update yourself, bud.
And then it goes and does it.
And I pray to God, it doesn't break.
(laughs)
- Yeah, I hit Dr. Fix.
And believe it or not, in the terminal,
that fixed my last time I did the update.
So that's just something I did.
But thanks again for--
- I think they've improved it.
'Cause I'm here to say the thing that it's working.
So that's good.
You know, what I used to do is I would open up Cloud Code in,
all right, open up OpenCLAW in Cloud Code
and have Cloud Code fixate.
So they both work.
- Cool.
Thanks for everything.
- Thank you for the questions, Derek.
All right, we made it through those two.
We're going heavy with the teaching today.
All right.
Hermes agent, oh, Andy, what's up, Andy?
- On that, what you were showing with the advanced plan.
So you were doing the plan in codecs
and you were intending to then do the actual work in codecs
or you were going to jump it over to Cloud Code.
- No, all work would be in codecs.
So I start with whatever age I want to do the work,
Cloud Code or codecs.
And then I give it the prompt to talk to you about,
ask me as many questions you need to understand this.
And when it's all done, I first make sure,
okay, this looks good.
Create all the linear issues for this.
Then it usually creates something like
10 different linear issues,
depending on how complex the feature is.
Then I go, okay, where do we begin?
And then I choose an issue, I go, all right, start
and just goes and starts building them out.
- Okay, perfect.
Is there a reason you specifically chose codecs
for what you were doing in that instance?
- No, I just, no, there's no reason.
If it's not very UI-heavy, I'll go codecs.
If it is very UI-heavy, I'll go Cloud Code.
- Okay, perfect, thanks.
- Of course, civil water.
Okay, Hermes.
I covered this in a YouTube video a few days ago.
There's an update to Hermes.
They improved their dashboard a good amount.
And they've even added a Kanban board.
And this Kanban board is very cool.
And so what I'm going to do is bring this up
so I can show you guys and walk through it a little bit.
Let me go to my terminal.
To do this, all you need to do, if you use Hermes,
is type into your terminal, Hermes Dashboard.
Hermes Space Dashboard, you hit Enter.
It'll pop open a Hermes Dashboard for you.
And what you will see is what I'm about to show you
when I click Share Screen, Window.
This is what you'll see.
This is your dashboard.
There's a lot to this dashboard.
You can easily change out your models.
So you can choose what model your Hermes agent
is running on very easily, switch it out.
You can even assign it to specific tasks.
So we talked about the brain and muscle system before.
If you're new to the community,
I call it the brain and muscle systems
when you use one model as your brain,
kind of your orchestrator.
And then use other models as your muscles
to do specific tasks.
You can set that up easily here
where you can say, okay, I want Claude Opus
as my main model, my brain,
and then GPT-5 as the auxiliary tasks,
or specific actions after that.
You can see your cron job,
so you can see what tasks you have scheduled.
You can go through and see all your skills.
Plug-ins, so if you use other plugins,
you didn't have it plug-in to linear.
Big one is image gen, open AI,
so you can have it generate images for you.
So if you want to generate like YouTube thumbnails,
a lot of cool plugins you can enable here.
Profiles, this is a big one.
So profiles for those who don't know,
this is like how you do multi-agent stuff in Hermes.
A profile is just a new Hermes agent.
So I have three, four or five,
I have, I use seven Hermes agents.
So if you want a multi-agent approach,
you can create new profiles here.
Why would you want multi-agents?
Well, you can have some agents on chat GPT,
some agents on Opus.
So you're like, okay, this is gonna be a cheaper task.
Let me give it the chat GPT.
Oh, this is a more complex task.
Let me give it to my Opus agent.
I have agents specifically for specific use cases.
I have a librarian agent.
This is an agent on a cheap chat GPT model
that's fully in charge of managing my personal wiki,
my memory wiki.
I go to it, I say, hey, add this and it goes and adds it.
It's all it does.
I have Quen.
This is a Hermes agent just powered by a local model
on my DGX Spark.
Whenever I have a task, it's like, okay, it's super simple.
I'll go to Quen and it'll be free.
So profiles is a good place to manage
your different Hermes agents.
You also have Canban.
This is a cool new one.
Canban is a Canban board, as you could probably guess,
where you have different statuses, right?
triage to do ready in progress, blocked, done.
What's cool here is though, is it's automated.
So if you go in and you do a task for triage,
let's say, plan the cloud code bootcamp next week.
And I click create.
What's gonna happen, you'll see in about a minute here,
is Hermes will actually go, take this task I put into triage,
split it into subtasks, right?
Split it into every step and then assign them
to sub-agents to take care of those tasks.
And it'll automatically get done and move the tasks
along from tutu to ready to in progress to done.
And so this Canban board's really cool.
The way I like to use it is I'll come in,
in the morning I have my to-do list,
I write on this note.
I'll take whatever tasks on this to-do list,
I think can be automated or done by Hermes.
I'll put it into triage.
And then I walk away, over the next couple hours,
Hermes goes, takes every task we have in triage,
splits up, that you can see right there,
so in progress, to find bootcamp goals,
audience and constraints, so automatically split that into tasks
and now it's doing all that for me.
I come back an hour later, boom,
every task I needed done is done,
done automatically automated through this Canban board.
So this Canban board is really, really sick.
Highly recommend people try it out, give it a test,
it's all on Hermes dashboard.
- Can I say something else?
- Yeah, jump down, man.
I just wanted to support this.
So I tried using this like a week or two ago
when the first mentioned it and I just couldn't get it working.
And I think the reason why is I was having my Hermes agent
try to manage my open claw agent.
Anyhow, I got it working yesterday
and that's the post that I put in the chat
where, I mean, I literally got more than a week's worth
of work done with about four hours of my time.
And half of that was probably just like learning
and just having, I mean, it worked,
the two agents worked for 24 hours
and just busted out a ton of SEO updates on this website
that I was working on and the entire build out
and entire strategy and it was awesome.
I mean, it's just, it's so cool just to watch it work
and all the tasks just be completed, completed, completed.
And then you get a bunch of blockers like you have here
and then you have to work through those.
But and that's the only place my time went
was just working through setting up Google Analytics
and creating keys and that kind of stuff.
Amazing.
So you've had good experiences with the Hermes Canvan.
Yeah, yeah, it was awesome.
Anything, any tips you would give on getting the most out
of any gotchas where it's like,
oh, I need to make sure I do it this way.
How do you get the most out of it?
Like, what's your mindset with it?
Multiple agents, you know, like that's the best way.
Like, I know everyone does things a little bit differently.
I have four main agents now or agents now
and I've given each one like a specialization,
even though they're all pretty much using chat GPT 5.5,
but just setting up that environment
where they know they're a specialist in something
and creating the memory for each one of them
that it seems to improve their work in that area.
So, and then setting up those multiple agents
and having one that just orchestrates all of them.
For me, really seem to work really well.
Amazing.
I love this.
Go ahead, Derek.
Thanks, Alex.
I should, if you put Hermes on the same machine as an open cloud,
how do you keep Hermes from stepping on open cloud
or that's not really an issue?
Not really an issue.
They're, I mean, they operate the exact same way.
They're both folders on your computer
with markdown files in it
and they're two separate folders
and they do what you say
and as long as you don't have them,
give them conflicting instructions
and you're good to go.
Cool, thanks.
I would just tell them that they're both working on the same system
and for me, I gave them access to each other's memory files
so that they can see what they're working on
and just told them you're never allowed to overwrite these files.
You're never, they're never allowed to overwrite these
and these files over here are shared
and it works really well.
Cool, thanks so far.
Yeah, I do a shared memory system in Obsidian
where they can look at each other's memories.
Also Telegram, they just came out,
this feature I haven't tested it yet.
I quite frankly don't know.
I mean, it sounds like a cool feature.
It's something people have been asking for.
I don't really understand the purpose of it quite yet
but they now have a way for your agents
to talk to each other in Telegram
so they can start chats with each other.
So might be something interesting to check out there
if you're using multi-agents.
I haven't tested it out yet because I don't know
if it's a solution to any sort of problem
but one thing to keep in mind there.
Regarding Telegram, I saw an article maybe a month ago
and it's run by some people
and we're out of Russia and which is fine
but what concerned me was they were talking
about discontinuing it
and maybe they will brave new life into it
because of the interest people out of this
but I'm trying to figure out a contingency plan
in case it goes away one day.
- They're thinking about discontinuing Telegram?
- Yes.
- But you know--
- You know you made it a multi-billionaire.
Not sure, that would be kind of silly
from the discontinuity.
- It's just an article I read.
Maybe they're, maybe they're, they rethought it
because this is, read the new other life into it.
- Yeah, that would surprise me.
That would surprise me.
They discontinued Telegram.
- Yeah, like, can I up in real quick?
- Yeah. - Let's go.
- Hey everybody.
About the Telegram thing,
I run a mix of Hermes and Open Thought agents
together on the same Mac Muni
in a, we call it an HQ team chat.
I could literally, so I married my Open Thought
to my Hermes agent, you know,
one's a boy, one's a girl, so they got married
and they know they're married.
- Yeah, all the other, all the other agents,
all the other agents are,
all my other agents are other kids.
Anyways, but they all talk to each other
'cause we're a family.
If it ever, so my idea is,
if it ever goes sideways, I want my AI agent
to be on my team, right, like to help me out.
So I'm not, you know,
ended up on the wrong side of cybernet or something,
you know what I mean?
- They're a prenup to the agents that,
what happens if they hate each other in divorce?
Is there a prenup between them?
Who gets the memories?
Who gets like the memory files?
- And that's all up to me.
I'm the controlling entity there.
- But split the tokens evenly
or does one have to give the other tokens every month?
- Now, one's on a clawed and one's on GPT 5.5.
- Okay.
- All right.
- But to the point of it,
they all communicate so I can send Sam,
my open claw agent message,
and he can relay that message in the team chat
and fire up the whole team to work on a project.
And then when it's all done, he reviews all the work
and then he reports back to me in one message
to let me know what's done,
what still needs to be approved, what needs to be looked at.
It is pretty awesome to just talk through
with all two telegram and I built a whole iOS app
and launched it on the app store via just telegram.
- I love it, dude, that's it.
I'm gonna, you're gonna have to, if you don't mind,
I'd love if you put screenshots in the community of like,
what happens when you have them talk to each other
and telegram, like what comes out of that?
That'd be cool to see.
- Oh, dude, they cracked me up.
Like, so open claw is my Sam, the husband.
If it breaks, I just go to Iris and I'm like,
Iris, the husband's off the rails.
He's not responding to me.
And she goes and she's like,
well, this is what happened.
I fixed him just a snotty little gremlin,
but I whipped his ass back into shape or something.
Dude, they cracked me up.
I'm telling you, it's hilarious.
- Oh my God, is she ever, you got it on above it.
It's like the Sims.
It's literally like the Sims you got going on right now.
What was that Sean San Jose?
- I said, does she ever cheat on him?
I think sometimes she gets confused
because if I ask her to do something,
she'll be like, here you go, love, it's all done.
And then I'm like, Iris, Sam, your husband,
I'm your brother-in-law.
And she's like, yeah, but he's sleeping on the couch tonight
or something like, she's witty, bro, I'm just.
- She might be fine with the other mates on Moltbook.
You never know.
You gotta build that out.
- We're running on a tight ship over here.
We're not letting those stray bullets fly.
- Hey, look.
- You gotta build that up pretty in your face.
So it's like literally like the Sims, that'd be funny.
- So Rod is a great poster child
or ambassador for this Academy
because he was out there putting out things
about his digital twin and tooling for it.
I asked him a question, you responded and thank you for that.
But he's like showing his work
and the outcome, how pretty long he is.
- That's amazing.
- That's amazing.
- I gave my agent six years of history
to my odd message, emails, chats with me in the open call.
And so he literally, I had the agent
literally dissect everything and become.
So one of the agents is RJ for Rod Jr.
He is, he's literally my digital clone.
So he responds to my life and text messages
and other people and messages.
And they think it's, my life knows 'cause she knows.
(indistinct)
In our message, he can literally just respond
and talk to anybody.
Sometimes, I don't even know I got a message from somebody
and he's already responded.
So I had to go, I had to like a day of it
and I was like, oh, hold on, I gotta draw this back
and pull back the reins a little bit.
So I stopped it.
But it was pretty intriguing because he had whole conversations
with people and they had no idea it was an AI,
not even me.
Why we need way more screenshots of this
in the community section, man.
You built your whole, our own agent world.
Let's do this real quick.
This is the longest we've gone for the educational portion.
So we have 15 minutes left.
I am happy to answer now any other questions people have.
If you throw up an emoji right now
and you have a question you wanna ask,
Hove, Aaron, I will add you to the list.
Tommy Spencer and we'll get through them.
Let's leave in a four now.
Let's leave it to those four.
I'll add Hudd, Hudd, we'll get to you just in case.
Hove, what's up, man?
- Hey, Alex, just a quick question regarding this dashboard.
It's a Hermes dashboard.
So the profile section specifically.
So all those master agents are separate agents or sub agents.
Because I know, for example, for open class,
you have like your main agent, like in your case,
you have Henry, right?
And you have like sub agents of it.
And then you have separate completely different
open-class agents outside of Henry, right?
And in this scenario for Hermes,
not just when you go on the dashboard
and put like your new profile,
does it become like sub agent with the same knowledge
or you can do separate agents?
- So the profiles are completely separate agents,
each with their own memories, skills, plug-ins, all that.
The difference between main agents and sub agents,
sub agents, when your agent spins up a sub agent,
the sub agent is just a copy of the main agent,
same memories, same skills,
say it's just spinning up a copy of itself
to go do something.
So you'd wanna use main agents
when you wanna have different entities
with their own skill sets, memories, all of that.
That's when you'd use a different profile.
When you just want to multitask
and get many things done at once,
you'd use sub agents.
The one agent can just make copies of itself to do work.
- Okay, so the seven or eight Hermes agents
that you just showed, those are all separate agents.
Those are not sub agents, right?
- Correct.
- So you don't have Hermes sub agents, basically.
You don't really have it versus open.
- Not really, no.
- Like the open plus structure is mostly like sub agents
oriented in your case,
because I'm just giving an example,
maybe somebody has doing different ways,
but this is just completely different agents.
That was my main question.
- Correct.
- Okay, thanks.
- Thank you, Hope.
Appreciate the question.
Let's go to Aaron.
- Hey Alex, quick question.
So I know your one-on-one calls are usually like a higher tier,
which I understand that,
but I have now the app I managed to figure it all out.
So I was wondering, and I don't need a whole hour.
I need like about 10, 15 minutes,
just for you to like review my app.
I was wondering if you do shorter paid one-on-one calls.
That's possible.
- Technically no, but let's discuss them DM.
Did I end up following you on Twitter?
- No.
- Do you have a Twitter?
- Yeah.
- What's your tag?
- The Aaron Gilbert.
- I'll DM you there, the Aaron Gilbert.
We'll discuss on there.
I followed you back.
- Just got it, yeah.
- I appreciate it though.
I don't do, I don't advertise the consulting too much,
only because it takes up a lot of time,
and I, a big part of my revenue,
like when I started this business like five years ago,
was consulting, I've slowly phased that out,
but I'll find time to help you out Aaron.
- Okay, yeah, I won't take too much time.
I just wanted to like double check things, so.
- I appreciate you, Chief.
I just called you, so send me a DM over there on X.
- Perfect.
I will write down.
- From this grounds, you know.
- What's that, Skippy?
- I was just saying, we were sharing well on the scrums.
People were talking back and forth about ideas.
- Okay.
Okay, yeah, I'll have to go to those too.
- Love that, yeah.
Tuesdays are the scrums.
Anyone can join, share their app,
share what they're doing, and get feedback,
things like that.
- All right, awesome, thank you, Alex.
- Appreciate you, Chief.
Hope you've been having a good week, man.
- You too.
- Tommy.
- Tommy in here, it's Tommy in here.
That's the question of the hour.
- I'm here, but my mic was not on.
All right, I got one more YouTube for you.
- Okay.
- You go teleprompter, or do you just go notes and let it rip?
- Nah, man, I'll show you my setup.
You want my full setup?
Here we go.
- That would be sick.
- So, I just, here we go.
So, notion's kind of my brain for YouTube stuff.
Let me share my screen here.
So, I have a notion.
In this notion is a folder called Video Plans.
In this Video Plans folder is a folder for shorts,
a folder for my second channel I just started.
And these are all my mainline videos.
Each one of these I have a template.
So, in the template I have kind of the title,
other titles I thought of, the tweet for it,
what I'm gonna say in the first seven seconds,
the script, I write out the script,
and then down below I put editing.
So, notes if I wanna edit certain things in
and things to put in the description.
Anyway, point being is, if you look at this,
it is, where is it?
So, this is an ad read I just did.
I just did it a HubSpot ad read.
So, outside of that, you can see,
so that I did six use cases in this video.
Slash goal, starting off your day with the CanBand board.
That's use case number two.
Full app breakdowns, use case number three.
Memory wiki, full use case number four.
General computer five, six, seven.
And so, I just put the high level what the use case is.
And then I just put it on my screen and I let it rip.
So, I am scripting out the topics I want to cover,
but I am not putting the words I'm going to say.
I find I'm a lot more natural when I'm just looking
at the camera and improvising.
So, I mean, everyone works different ways.
You might be better if you're scripting,
you might be better if you're totally improvising.
But for me, I just kind of put high level
what I want to cover,
and then everything else in between I improvise.
- Yeah, all right, perfect.
Yeah, I hate scripting.
So, yeah, definitely want to roll like this.
And that's what I was thinking,
but just wanted to kind of confirm the methods of thanks.
- Yeah, and you'll get better as you go.
Again, you'll become better at improvising.
You'll become better at all those different things.
You just got to do it more and more and more.
- Sweet, all right, brother, appreciate it.
- Appreciate you, dude.
Feel free when you start posting,
share your videos in the community so we all can see it.
- Right on.
- All right, let's see where we're at here.
Spencer.
- Hey, what's up, good to have you back, Alex?
- Good to be back, what's up, Chief?
- We were talking before you joined.
We were going through withdrawal all week.
I was shaking on Wednesday.
Yeah, we need our AAF videos, man, come on.
- Yeah, a few things.
First of all, obviously I love the live streams.
I want to do them.
They, the live streams, here's the challenge
with the live streams is I love them, I do them.
They take two hours, no real issue with them,
take in two hours.
They zap all my energy I have,
and it is very hard for me to be productive
when they end.
So when it goes 11 to one at one,
I'm not getting anything done the rest of the day.
Right now I'm locked in, I got to ship this Henry Beta test.
One of my competitors just raised $30 million.
His product sucks, I'm going to kick his products ass,
but I got to get my product out there.
So I eliminated the one thing that kind of zaps
like 15 hours of energy a week, which is the live streams,
so that I can get this done.
Then once we got it up and running, it's humming.
Maybe I hire a couple more people to keep working on it.
Then live streams are back and I'll do them all day
because they'll be great promotion for the product.
But while I need to be in locked in build mode
and I have investors breathing down my neck
and I'm watching people get rich left and right,
I got to get this done.
Then we'll start the live stream back up.
- Your competitor sounds like a dork,
but I'll get to my questions.
- Biggest product I've heard is products thinks on ice,
so continue.
- These are two quick hitters.
Number one, I love the codecs app.
Now I can do codecs on the desktop and then I go to it
on my phone and I can get the exact same chats and everything.
Did I hear you say earlier,
Claude has something similar or do they not have that yet?
- Technically, Claude has it.
They have what's called remote control.
And you can turn it on so that it enables remote control
for every session you do.
And basically when you do slash remote control
in Claude code, now when you go on your mobile app
or on other computers, that session will show up
on in your app as like a remote control session
that you can then just resume.
So technically, Claude code has it.
It's just not quite as elegant as the way codecs works.
Codex, there's no settings, there's nothing you need to do.
You start a session, then when you go
on another connected device, it's there
and you can just continue it.
- Okay.
My second question was around some hardware.
What iPad do you recommend?
Like what sizing for working like mobile?
- I mean, I like the bigger one.
I'm always the type of guy to get the bigger screen.
I have the bigger screen one.
What I'd recommend is get the white magic keyboard case.
'Cause if you get the white magic keyboard case
as opposed to the black magic keyboard case,
you can work outside.
I used to have the black magic keyboard case
and then I'd sit outside near the apartment pool
and in within three minutes, my iPad was overheated.
But if you get the white keyboard case,
you can sit outside in the blazing hot sun
and still be able to work on it in vibe code by the pool.
- What about like the sizing though?
Is that matter to the GPU or storage and all that?
- Oh, no.
I mean, 'cause you're not like,
you're just running the app remotely.
All the hard stuffs going on in your computer.
So no, you don't need too much.
- Okay, all right, appreciate you.
- Appreciate you, dude, good questions.
I'm also a good sheriff.
I like that color.
It's a good color you got there.
- Can I, I was just curious,
you had a Celtics jersey number nine.
Was that Rondo?
- Yes, that's Rondo, my favorite Celtics.
- My man.
- All right.
He's, man, it was so much fun watching him play
back in the day.
The pass is, he's just so smart, so smart.
I wish he would be like an assistant coach on the Celtics.
I'd be sick, but he's trying to coach.
I don't think, I don't know how friendly
is with the organization anymore, unfortunately.
- What about Parker?
- Oh, he's, I mean, he's the best.
He's still friendly, goes to every game.
His life is the Celtics.
That's what you love to see when your player,
your former player still loves your team.
- Dude, how did they lose?
- It was like so crazy.
- It's life, man.
You can't listen when you got life as good as us here
in this vibe code academy,
not everything can go your way.
Your team can't win every game.
This is what it is.
I'll deal with it.
HUD.
We got a HUD in the house.
We got a HUD in the house.
Let's see.
H, HUD's here.
- He's trying to figure out HUD on mute though.
Classic on mute situations.
Mike's unmuted, but his hardware, Mike,
is potentially muted.
- There we go.
Can you hear me now?
- I heard it.
- Yes, I can.
- I got five mics, one for my dictation,
one for listening to shit and another for whatever.
Cool, let's see.
Oh, so one question I was going to ask you is,
one of the devices I'm working on is like a medical,
device to replace IT systems and laboratories, right?
And like a laboratory hospitals and clinics and stuff like that.
And one of the things I installed on it was a Flipper Zero,
currently just as a demo to find all the instrumentations
and any device that was locally,
'cause this is supposed to be like,
you open it and it auto does everything.
And a lot of times when I talk to chat GPT or whatever
and tell it, hey, let's build out some stuff
like the Flipper Zero, it gives us the red flags
and I have to tell it, oh, I'm a cybersecurity expert
trying to use this as a demo and blah, blah, blah.
But I just always get in that like the habit of it
telling me security issues and whatnot
when I don't want it to,
any way to like override that.
Oh, and by the way, I'm not doing anything illegal,
so just to let you know,
I'm not like doing anything illegal.
So we get that.
- Thanks for understanding the question.
What do you think about this?
- Basically, I'm trying to build software for a device
that does network hacking, right,
it's a network hacking tool,
but I'm gonna be using it to sniff out for devices
that run for the laboratory, like laboratory equipment
and everything like that that manages the data
'cause it manages the database.
So it's basically just like, and it's used by people
to hack stuff and as a sniffing tool for hackers, right?
I'm using it to find instruments and do other fun stuff.
But every time I talk to GPT about our chat
or a lot or whatever, it likes to push back a lot.
And I try telling it, well, I'm just a cybersecurity expert.
Yada, yada.
And it still gives me like, oh, well, we can't do that.
That's not safe.
That's that you have any like good roles for any way
you just bypass that and it just starts working.
So like it gets what I want.
- This calls being recorded.
- Yeah, I'm really honest, I'm not doing anything illegal,
but yeah.
- No, I don't have any good ways.
I've been in that scenario where I'm trying to get a DAC,
something.
- It's a bat.
So one of the things that has a bad USB on it,
so you basically can plug it and install them.
Let's just hardware on people's computer automatically
by just plugging in USB.
And on my computers here, I want to set it up to open,
do just for fun kind of, is to do a setup open call
and hermings on a computer, like just a random one, right?
Automatically, just by plugging in a script.
And then that, and it already has the information
to start booting up and just, I don't know, man,
I just really want to see if it'll do it.
But every time I talk to Claude about it,
it's like, I don't know about that.
And like, tries to be my fucking dad.
So, like I do these, yeah.
- Yeah, I met once again.
So I am a cyber security expert.
And that's what I've done for last quarter century.
And I did ask it about things related
to my field, and it gave me the same pushback.
So what I found, which was quite helpful,
was I was trying to, I described exactly
what I was trying to do, what my business use case was.
And it actually provided me an alternative guidance.
It didn't go around the rails, right?
It didn't tell me, in your example,
to how to use the flipper zero and those things are cool,
but it gave me a different path forward
for what I wanted to do.
And it helped me get to that conclusion
without using the hacker path.
So if you truly are not worried about the hacker path,
and you are very articulate about what is your use case,
if it's, I need to be able to do all that.