Greetings Earthlings. Hello everybody, you have made it. You have made it to
 Friday. You've made it to the I'm coding Academy. You've made it to the first
 day
 of the rest of your life. Today you'll remember forever. The day that this
 community went over Claude Opus 4.8 in a live call. What's bigger than that? I
 say
 nothing. I hope you all had a beautiful week. We'll have a beautiful weekend
 coming up. It's the summer. We have reached the summer. Unless you live in
 the Boston area, then it is cold this weekend. For that, I am glad I no longer
 live in Boston. Let's do this. How many people here? If you attended yesterday
's
 live vibe coding session, put up an emoji right now. One, two, three, four,
 five,
 six, seven, eight, nine. Okay. It's about a quarter. About a quarter of people
 here.
 That's fine. What I want to do is this. I want to go over my experiences with
 Claude Opus 4.8 over the last day. Give some recommendations. Give you my
 recommendation on code X versus Claude code. Yeah. Let's do that. And then I'm
 going to quickly go again through that X Caledry went over. Just quick, real
 quick. So if you saw it already, we'll use it as a refresher. We'll use it as a
 refresher. Then, as we always do, we will do Q&A. Couple updates on Q&A type
 stuff.
 Number one, there's a new category in the community called questions. It
 appears,
 there's nothing wrong with this. This is great. It appears for a lot of people,
 the
 value of an AI community is like, I got questions. I don't know how this works.
 I don't know what to do or I need a second set of eyes on this. I'm going to
 ask others. And that's totally fine. That's great. So one, we have a questions
 category in the community now. So if you just have like a, and by the way,
 these
 are all experiments. If this doesn't work, if this doesn't catch on, we'll
 change it. Doesn't matter. But if you just have like kind of a general question
, tech
 question, support question, there's now a question category. And what I'm going
 to
 try to do is every night at a given time, Alison, the new admin of the vibe
 code
 academy will send me the like kind of list of questions. And I'll just go down
 it, rapid fire answer all the questions to the best of my ability, right? Can't
 do
 it every night. Sometimes I got a things to do. But to the best of my ability.
 The
 second thing is, if you are looking for more hands on Q and A stuff like the
 second half of these Friday calls, these Friday boot camps are all Q and A, we
've
 yet to have a single Friday where we made it through every single question. So
 if
 you're one of those people where every week you have a lot of questions and I
 can't always get to your question is because there's so many people that join
 and have questions. There's a new middle tier in the vibe code academy. You're
 welcome to join. You don't have to just an option if Q and A is a big value ad
 for you. There's kind of a middle tier now where I'm going to do a once a month
 just Q and A session for that tier. So I can hopefully answer more questions
 for
 the people that asking questions is like the big value ad. It's not gonna
 change
 anything. Everything else is remaining the same. I'm still doing the Q and A's
 in
 the second half the Friday boot camps. I'm still answering questions on the
 message board in the questions category. But if you want an extra hour or two
 of
 asking questions and answering questions live, that's an option. Nothing's
 being
 taken away from anyone else. Just an extra thing. So that's another thing you
 can upgrade to that if you prefer. It's an Allison idea right there. It's a
 great
 idea for Allison. Allison's great. Feel free to reach out to Allison for
 anything. She's fantastic for anyone who's ever met her or talked to her. Great
 admin. With that being said, Claude, Opus, 48. I'll go through these couple
 things
 first. I'll take questions on Claude Opus, Claude Codex, right after I go
 through
 these couple things. And then we could do general Q and A after that. I mean
 there's anything else I wanted to add to that I have been doing. Oh, I'll talk
 to
 one about one other thing after that. Okay. So let's do this. Let's share the
 screen. Make sure I'm not sharing anything crazy here. Okay. Looks good. So
 before I do that real quick, Claude Opus 48 just came out. As people might know
, I
 for the first time in a year and a half have preferred a model and harness
 over Claude code. I have preferred Chad GBT55 and Codex over Claude code. For
 the
 last three weeks now, which for the past, I mean this was originally a Claude
 code community. That's how much I loved Claude code. And then open Claude came
 now and that blew my mind. And then now Codex is out. I think Codex was better
 than Claude code. So let's let's just first do this. Actually, I'm going to do
 quick recap. So if you're in the vibe session yesterday, this will be familiar.
 I'll do this real quick. Just for those who are new newer, we're in here
 yesterday.
 Opus 48. Smashes the benchmarks, although I don't really trust benchmarks and I
'll
 go over a second, what my experiences have been. Smashes benchmarks, same cost
 as
 47. So there's no need to use Opus 47 anymore for anything. Switch everything
 Opus 48, Hermes, open claw, all that. Haven't noticed a huge difference on the
 Hermes or open claw front from Opus 48. Maybe a little bit better. I'm reading
 a lot of tweets from people who think it's much better. So take that into
 account.
 Fast mode, much cheaper. Fast mode is a third of the price in Claude code now.
 So
 if you're on the $200 plan, you might as well use fast mode. Much less
 hallucinations. Mythos coming in a few weeks. Dynamic workflows and ultra code.
 Actually, let me show you that real quick. Let me demo that. If you are in
 Claude code
 and you give any prompt, hey, build me the new feature using workflow. Notice
 how
 that just turned blue at the bottom there. This is basically a keyword that
 will
 cause Claude code when you hit enter to use this new workflow, dynamic workflow
 mode. And basically what dynamic workflow mode is, is it will, it's almost like
 a
 super plan mode in super execution mode, where it will build a plan for tens of
 thousands of agents to do things. For this task, you give it. So if you say
 build
 this big feature, it'll make a plan for agents to do research, agents to do the
 planning, agents to do the execution, agents to do the testing, agents to do
 100,000 different things. And it will send them off and do it. So workflows,
 the
 keyword you want to use if you're building out super complex things. Takes up
 many
 more tokens, many more tokens. So you want to be careful if you're on anything
 less than $200 a month plan. I recommend if you're taking vibe coding seriously
 to turn on extra usage, which basically means once you hit your limits, it just
 starts charging you through the API. So what I do is building Henry is super
 important for me. So, you know, vibe coding super important. That's a new
 workflow
 mold mode ultra, ultra code, which I'm pretty sure is just this max mode. I
 don't know why they don't keep the terminology the same. I think that's just
 max mode. What max mode slash ultra code mode is is basically, it uses the
 highest level thinking and uses workflow when it feels like it. So you don't
 have to use the workflow keyword anymore. It just decides on its own when to
 use
 it. So this is going to burn tokens like a mother. So those are the two big
 features of Claude code. Let me see if there's anything else I wanted to cover
 on that subject. So final. So my experience is over last day using it to build
 stuff at Henry. Let me pin myself so you can see me better when y'all looking
 directly at me when I talk. And for everyone, there we go. Here we go.
 Hey, it's looking like a little bit of a mess. That's fine. We'll fix that.
 I've been using Claude code and codex a ton the last day. We got a little
 chocolate
 bar chocolate bar in my face protein bar. I'm not I'm off the sugar. I'm off
 the
 sugar. I'm not doing sugar for the next two months. That was a protein bar not
 a
 chocolate bar a chocolate protein bar. I am not switching from codex to Claude
 code. I do believe opus 48 is actually a better model than Chad GBT 5.5. But
 and
 I'll share my entire screen now. I believe codex is a much better harness
 for vibe coding. I've noticed many different things. I've noticed codex is a
 lot more willing to test itself automatically. So it'll write code and
 automatically test itself even if it has to open up a browser and go in the
 browser and click around. It'll do that. Claude code really hasn't done that
 for
 me unless I explicitly asked it to codex does little things more proactively
 like, you know, it'll make a change and it'll spin up a server for me for to
 test it a local host server to test it automatically. Claude code doesn't
 really
 do that for me. If I ask, sometimes it gets confused. So I've noticed that
 codex is better with execution because it does all those things proactively.
 Claude code doesn't do those things proactively, but I do believe opus 48 is
 smarter than chat GBT 5.5. So the workflow I've been doing over the last 24
 hours that I figure out that's been good for me so far. Things might change as
 we go here, but good for me so far has been do the simple things in codex.
 Just do the simple tasks and codex. And then when I'm doing something a little
 bit more advanced or something needs to be debugged. So it's not working. I go
 into Claude code, say, Hey, check this out. Why do you think this is happening?
 Build me a plan. And then I take that information and give it back to codex
 and codex does the execution. That's been the workflow that's worked best for
 me
 here. Basically every A/B test I've done with codex and Claude code for plans,
 I give the plans to each other and codex goes, Oh, yeah, it's a way better plan
.
 So final suggestion, have them upside by side like I'm showing you here. This
 is
 my second monitor. Have them upside by side like this.
 Do a bunch of work in codex. If you have to do something advanced, put it into
 Claude code, get the plan there, get the diagnosis there, and then give it back
 to codex to do the execution. Just because I found codex is going to be
 better at testing itself, better at spinning things up and handing it over to
 you. Just better at kind of little things that make life easier.
 Any questions on that? Any questions on opus for a Claude code codex?
 Go ahead, Tommy on San Jose. Let's do this real quick, Tommy. Let me just write
 your name down,
 Tommy, Sean, San Jose. After Tommy and Sean, after Tommy goes,
 we're going to throw up the emoji and I'll add you to the list. So Tommy, you
 ask your question,
 then we'll say any more questions and you throw up the emoji and I'll add them
 to the list. So Tommy,
 then Sean, go ahead, Tommy. How you doing, man? Yeah, I'm doing well. How are
 you?
 Very good, man. Beautiful Friday. Glad to hear. All right. So yeah, on the
 looking at the left side of the screen, Claude code, are you using that in
 the app itself? Is it are you using the Claude app, which has the you can use
 co-work and you use chat? Are you using it, like, which tab, I guess, are you
 using within Claude?
 Yeah. So this is Claude. This is the Claude code tabs. If I click here, you can
 see chat,
 co-work code. Okay. Yes. So you're still in code. Yes. Okay. And are you
 switching to plan
 mode to ask those questions? It depends. If I'm building out a big feature and
 I
 want a really in depth plan, then yes. What I actually found most of my
 usage has been when I'm using these two together is like, if I run into an
 issue multiple times
 of codecs, I'm sort of bug or just doesn't work the way is intended, I'll go
 and I'll say, hey,
 check it out. I actually, I'll go first to codec, say, write me a quick mark
down file that describes
 this bug, the issue and what we did that leads up to it. And I take that mark
down file,
 give it to Claude, go say, hey, check this out and let me know what you think.
 And then I don't do
 plan mode for that. That's more for debugging and just like trying to get a
 quick decision made.
 Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess, so does that basically then eliminate
 plan mode completely
 in your workflow? Then as far as on the chat, the 5.5 side, you don't even
 really need to use
 the plan mode because you're using, you're using Claude to handle that. You
 know, I, to be honest
 to you, I never really used plan mode in codecs. I don't think it's that much
 of an improvement
 over the way it works currently. I don't think they put much focus or love into
 plan mode on codecs.
 I heard one of the Chad GPT products people talk one time that they purely put
 plan mode in
 because people switching from Claude got confused like, where's plan mode? I
 don't know where it is.
 And so they just put that in there to make them happy. But I don't, I don't
 think it's like that
 good or advanced. What I typically do is before I have it do any sort of
 significant task,
 I'll say like, just do you have a plan to execute on this yet? And then it'll
 give
 up me a plan. Okay, go ahead and do it. That's, that's how I kind of use a plan
 mode.
 Got it. Make sense. Thanks for clarifying. Of course, Tommy. What are you
 building right now?
 At this moment, nothing zero. So I just been setting up Hermes more
 infrastructure.
 And I've built out skills within there to do some tasks like a reoccurring task
 in my property
 management business. Cool. So yeah, no, no app building per se. Okay. I
 encourage you to give
 it a go. I encourage you. I mean, in the community, there's a Claude code
 masterclass
 that has section on like coming up with ideas and stuff. I'd encourage you to
 give it a go.
 It'll just give you a deeper understanding. You know, a lot of people join the
 community
 because of open claw and Hermes. And that's 100% fine. I mean, that's, you know
, I'm very
 passionate about those things. But I do believe there's a big advantage to
 using Claude code and
 like spending time to actually hand hold an agent through vibe coding things.
 You would just kind of get a deeper understanding of how the whole thing works,
 the tech works,
 how it thinks, how the, you know, all the, how the sausage is made, you know?
 No, that makes sense. Yeah. I have, I have two app ideas and I'm just about
 completed with the,
 with the course on, on a Claude code. Oh, glorious. Cool. Yeah. So I'm, I'm
 close to start, to start
 getting going on a first app. Cool. Good to know. Let me know how it goes.
 Definitely will.
 And yes, these two, so these are the, this is the Claude desktop app and the
 codex desktop app.
 In the course, we use the plugin for visual studio code. Nothing wrong with it.
 Should still use it. Like that doesn't, that's not an outdated suggestion at
 all.
 That's updated with Opus for eight in ultra code mode and workflow mode. So
 nothing wrong with
 using that plugin. I just my workflow I've gotten used to having the desktop,
 two desktop apps up
 just like this. So that's just kind of a side note there. Okay, let's go to
 Sean San Jose.
 Thank you, sir. Appreciate it. I was curious, because I'm going back and forth
 between
 codex and Claude, and I haven't really found a way to implement linear. Like I
've thrown
 some issues in there, but I can't, I really have to be involved to go back and
 forth on a feature.
 I'm just curious how linear is involved for you. What do you mean go back and
 forth on a feature?
 Well, like you said, when you're between codex and Claude, if you're building
 out
 something that's highly technical as far as code goes, going back and forth
 across reference
 that they're on the right track. I'm just wondering if you're building out, let
's say I created like a
 blog generation tool. To do that, I really had to be involved on both sides of
 it, I feel like.
 I'm just wondering how you implement linear if you're building something out. I
 don't know if that
 makes sense. No, it makes sense. And listen, I'll try to answer the question if
 I don't answer it,
 let me know. So I don't touch linear. I don't, in your face with linear at all,
 I'm not creating issues. I'm not moving issues around. I'm not changing stat
uses.
 Many days go by where I don't even open the linear app. That is completely
 managed by Claude code
 and codex. So anytime I'm building something out and I go to a new kind of high
 level feature,
 which in linear is called projects, right? So you have in linear the
 terminology is issues.
 It's issues pretty much equate to tasks. And then you have projects, projects
 equate to like
 features or like a higher level umbrella for a bunch of tasks. When I get to a
 new feature or
 project in linear, I go to my agent, Claude code or codex, whatever one you're
 preferring
 at that moment, and I go, Hey, I want to build this out next. Let's first flesh
 it out. Then we
 discuss, okay, this is what's going to go in the feature. This is what we want.
 This is kind of
 the order of operations. Once we got that in a good place, then I go, okay,
 before we start
 building, so this is what you do right before you start building, I go go in a
 linear, create
 the new project and create all the issues that are that need to be created
 based on what we just
 discussed. And then it goes in through the plugins programmatically. So I'm not
 touched and I'm not
 seeing it. And it adds all the issues into linear. And then it does that goes,
 all right, chief,
 I added them all I begin work. And then it goes one by one of those issues,
 completing them. Now,
 one thing you want to do is you want to have in your agent.md file or Claude.md
 file. That's
 your rules file agent.md for code X, Claude.md for Claude code instructions on
 how to manage linear.
 So like, hey, when you finish a task, make sure you change the status, make
 sure to sign to the
 right person. But as long as you got that set up, it'll manage it for you. It
'll move things around
 for you. It'll add details for you. There's no interfacing you have to do with
 linear.
 Does that answer your question, Sean? Yes, it does. I think I would never touch
 it either.
 But the whole point of that is to keep a log basically on what you're doing.
 And then
 if you, I guess, if Claude doesn't fix the issue, then you could say, or if
 there's still a bug,
 then you could ask code X to go in on that issue to debug it. Yeah, there's a
 lot of
 reasons to be using linear. And I recommend anyone who does any sort of vibe
 coding to use linear.
 The biggest reason being is it's just a second brain that connects all your
 agents, Claude code,
 code X, open claw, Hermes, right? So everything, let me share my screen.
 Everything that you have in your linear, all the issues, projects, all of that.
 This is accessible to all your different agents. Your Hermes can see your open
 claw, your
 Claude code. So as tasks are being worked on, each agent has visibility into
 who's working on
 what the status is, what's changed about it, what branch it's on, right? If I
 scroll down,
 you can see the branch it's on. So you go, Hermes, there's a bug with this. Can
 you fix it? It'll
 go find the issue, like, okay, it's on this branch, let me pop that open and
 work on it, right? It
 just acts as a glue and connector for all your different AI tech that works on
 things for you.
 Yeah, because I had a couple agents working on the same branch and one
 completed it,
 and, you know, that's a way better setup than have multiple agents working on
 the same thing
 at the same time. Yeah, yep. I keep them delineated, so they're working on
 different things,
 but this helps them stay organized and make sure they're not stepping on each
 other's toes.
 Beautiful, thank you. Thank you, Sean. All right, let's do this. If anyone else
 has questions on
 the specific code X, Claude code, opus, vibe coding linear, feel free to throw
 up emojis. I'll
 add you to the list, and then we'll, I'll answer them for you. Stuart,
 Derek, Ashley, Spencer.
 All right, let's start with Stuart. Stuart was the first person I saw their
 emoji go up.
 Stuart, how you doing, man? Hey, good thanks. How are you? I'm doing great, man
. Good to be
 talking to you. With code X and Claude, what's the best one to be doing
 security checks of your
 code? Like I noticed that code X has this new security beta. Have you seen that
?
 Yes. So I saw that security beta. I haven't tested or anything. So is it a
 question? If you
 wanted to, you built an app, you built some sort of program, what's the best
 model to just make
 sure it's secure? Yeah, exactly. My guess would be at the moment right now,
 my guess would be opus is better. So I used Claude Sonnet. I used Claude to
 make creator body secure. I spent a good week once I was done building creator
 body. Just
 hey, check this out is everything. So check this out is everything. So check
 this out is everything.
 What are security best practices for this? This is this and it made it pretty
 secure. I've had
 people review the app. It's made it pretty secure. So my guess would be you
 could use either.
 I just have more experience doing security stuff with Claude. And because
 Claude, I think it's
 smarter at the moment. I think that you probably will get better security
 analysis out of it.
 You just want to make sure I think I have a security module in the Claude Code
 Masterclass.
 Yeah, I think I think there is a slash command for security or something in
 there that I just
 came across in opus. But yeah, I just haven't read up about it.
 Yeah, basically the way my security process worked is I did a bunch of research
 with
 Chad GBT, like, okay, I vibe code an app. What are the most important things I
 need to secure
 when it comes to security? There were things like APIs, role level security in
 your database,
 rate limiting, things like that. And so I think I listed that in the security
 module in the Claude
 Code Masterclass. But then on top of that, like, if you just go through and you
 carve out a few hours
 and you sit there with Claude Code or Codex and go, okay, review the I want to
 do a full security
 review. I want to make sure this is production ready for security. Start going
 through the app
 and figuring things out and it will start finding things and you just go down
 different branches
 with it when it comes to security and it'll come up with ideas and fix things
 for you.
 Yep, yep, great. Yeah, I try and sort of ask Codex along the way, like, I sort
 of say,
 you know, is it looking secure? Is it good quality code like when it's
 reviewing Claude? So,
 yeah, I have been doing that, but I do want to do that deep dive too. Yeah, all
 right, great, thank you.
 Of course, yeah, security obviously super important. I find that if you just,
 like,
 make sure to prioritize, you know, reverse prompting,
 Codex and Claude Code, hey, check out my database. How can we make it more
 secure? Check out my API
 routes. How can we make it more secure front and how can we make more secure?
 And you keep doing
 that and hammering that. You'll eventually get to a very good state when it
 comes to security.
 Yep, yep. Thank you. Thank you, Stuart. My old friend, Derek, how you doing,
 man?
 Your hardware muted or something because it says you're not muted, but I can't,
 your lips are moving.
 I can't hear you. No, I can't hear you. Microphones, man. How about that? Now?
 Now I can hear you. There you go. Well, fucking zoom. Every time I have to go
 in and reset this,
 excuse my French, we set this setting. I don't know why there isn't a, like,
 save my setup. But
 anyway, I think we're going to, we're going to reach the year 10,000 and
 printers will still be
 unreliable and microphones on video calls will still be unreliable. Exactly.
 Like, it's going to be
 a billion years from now. We'll have AGI. We'll be on a billion different
 planets. Everyone will be
 rich. The PlayStation 9000 will be out and we'll get into a video call. Hey, I
 can't hear you.
 You're on mute. Unmute your mic. It's every video call for that. The end of
 time will be starting
 like that. How many times? As Peter Diamonta says, you know, AI is easy. A.B.
 Tech is hard, but
 anyway, Thursday's video, I'm assuming he's in the community on what you went
 over on Opus 4.8
 and Clods. Correct? Great. Yeah, you go to video recordings. You'll see it.
 Great. I'm working
 briefly. I can't say too much on an agentic platform for the motion picture
 industry, but I've
 got some bugs going on, and I want to know if you could repeat what you said
 about how you use
 codecs and clods side by side, and you ask, "Hey, I think you said you asked Cl
od, this is going
 wonky or something like that, and you take its response back over to codecs?"
 Something like that.
 Was that sort of close? Yeah, so here's the issue with AI is when an AI
 builds something that produces a bug, it's usually pretty, not always difficult
, but a lot of time,
 it'll just like keep going down a rabbit hole, and it'll be very hard to pull
 them out to see
 from a 9,000 foot view. No, you did this wrong, right? Yes. And so, you know,
 what I'll do is,
 if I reach a bug, and like you can kind of get a sense, I'm like, "This is
 going to be a multi-step
 annoying thing." I'll say, "Hey, this is the bug. Don't change anything. Take
 some time, look
 through everything, and give me an analysis of why this might be broken." Then,
 what I'll do is,
 okay, I'll say, "Okay, now put in a markdown file, a rundown of what happened."
 Then, I take that
 markdown file, I give it to the other agent, so Clod codes, I'll drag it over
 here, give it in a
 Clod code, and I'll say, and I'll open Clod code in the same project. I'll say,
 "We have a bug,
 check out the markdown file, it describes what we're facing, let me know what
 you think, analyze it,
 let me know what you think the solution is." Then, that'll give me a solution.
 I'll copy that,
 paste it back into Codex, and almost every time Codex will go, "Oh, yeah,
 actually, that's much
 better. Let's do that." Sometimes, you just need that separate new perspective
 because the AI is
 going down its rabbit hole to get it out of that bug trap.
 Got it. Okay. Last question. If you want to make some regarding security review
, can you just tell
 your large language model, "Hey, I want this to be GDPR compliance, CCPNA,"
 which I think is a
 California state compliance issue, and is that sufficient because will it go
 into all these other
 things or it will be just focused on those two things? I mean, you could do
 that, for sure.
 I wouldn't try to one-shot GDPR compliance or anything like that. I'd say, I'd
 try to have it
 take it slow. What I mean by that is, "Hey, I'm trying to make this app GDPR
 compliant."
 First thing I want you to do is just analyze the entire app. Make me a list of
 everywhere
 we would have to change things to make a GDPR compliant. Then, I would probably
 double check it,
 give it to another agent to go over. If you have the Chad GBT 200 dollar month
 plan, give it to Chad
 GBT Pro, just because it's so critical and also so complex at the same time,
 then take the final
 plan. "Okay, I'd have it use linear, say, "Hey, make issues for everything we
 have to do to make
 this GDPR compliant and go down there one by one." The more complex and
 important something is,
 like GDPR or security or privacy or HIPAA compliance, the more you want to make
 sure it's broken down
 into smaller tasks so that nothing gets lost in context or anything like that
 or lost in compactions.
 So that's how I'd approach that.
 Thank you very much.
 And then that would be your project.
 I just add on the CPA project and then the issues.
 Yeah, so the project would be GDPR compliance or security and then the issues,
 the tasks,
 they call it issues in linear. I wish they would just call a task, but the
 issues would be
 everything that needs to be done to complete that project.
 Skippy, you wanna jump in?
 I just wanted to say real quick, if I may, that if you're going to do
 compliance sets,
 just like Alex was saying, do chunk it down per set, but then I would also
 suggest that you,
 at the end of each analysis, produce a report for each because then you have
 sort of evidence of
 due diligence in case there's a mistake later, you can at least show that you
 made a due
 diligence effort and that could help you assess the non-lawyer.
 Thank you, Mike, everyone.
 Yeah, security, big thing. I put a section on it in Cloud Code Masterclass.
 You're going to want to do a lot of reverse prompting and just project
 management and linear,
 so things are broken down into the proper chunks.
 Let me look at my list again. These are good conversations. Ashley?
 Hey, thank you. It's a really quick question, I hope, but it goes back to
 linear again because
 I've been trying to work out your video the other day about projects and teams
 and things like that.
 So I've got a bunch of clients and we've got different projects going on for
 different
 clients with different stakeholder groups for each of those code projects, and
 so I'm trying to
 work out if that's a team that's a project for a client and then projects
 inside of that, a lot of
 them aren't phases, which is what I think you're talking about, projects, like
 big topics or big
 stories, user stories, and then issues or the little user stories. Is that the
 way that you think of it?
 Yeah, let me pop up my linear. So there's basically three
 tiers in linear, three levels. There's the issue level, which is the task, fix
 the screen,
 change the button the red, make the screen do this. There's the project level,
 which is the group
 of issues that all relevant, a market scanner, an entire studio, these are like
 kind of the
 feature level or just, it doesn't even need to be a specific feature, it could
 be security,
 make this more secure, that's kind of a product level because it's a group of
 tasks.
 It's like a phase of the project, right? A phase of events, so maybe you're
 building something
 that's dashboard and you have dashboard is one thing and then you have
 ingestion scripts as a
 second thing, or you might have something which is back end display creation or
 something like that.
 Yes. Okay. Then you have the tier above that, which groups all the projects
 together. For me,
 that's, you can see my two, they're called teams. Teams is the third level.
 Henry Intelligent
 Machines is one team, creator buddy is another. Those are my two apps I'm
 building. So for you,
 it sounds like you got clients, you work with different teams, right? You just
 got to think
 with your, it sounds like you got clients for your clients, is it just a group
 of tasks?
 And then once you do those tasks, you're done. Or for your clients to like
 multiple projects per
 client, because if it's multiple projects per client, then it sounds like you
 want to make,
 actually, I take that back. You know, you probably just want to do teams per
 client because
 with each team, you can have different members as a party, each team. So there
 might be scenarios
 where you're for your clients, you want to actually bring them in and give them
 visibility to your
 linear board. Yeah. With that, you would have a team for each. So I'd probably
 go team level for
 each client. So a client for a team level, and then inside of there, let's say
 I've got a project
 might be an app. As a big picture, it's like a SaaS app, for example, multi-tie
red access,
 multi-different. They want to sell it at the low level. So we've got a middle
 team, a top team.
 And so there's a bunch of features in there. So there's no middle ground that
 that app can
 convert into big phases of a project, master and chunks of a project.
 Well, I would probably not, for each client, just give it one project that says
 build your app.
 I would probably treat it like a full-scale development project. So like, as
 you can see,
 this is a full-scale development project for me. There's analytics, there's
 plan mode,
 there's SaaS factory, like I would actually break it down per client with
 multiple projects.
 And I've got some of this working. So the second bit of the question, probably
 because I've been
 in systems and integration for a long, long time, I've never done coding, is
 around
 merging a branch. You said the other day that every item becomes its own branch
, but then does
 that not leave with me with a million branches of unmerged things? Because I
 might work on one
 piece of the puzzle in the morning, and then come on to a different piece of
 the puzzle in the
 afternoon, because I kind of hit a brick wall or think of a new feature that's
 in one of the
 other projects, for example. I might have four or five issues going, but you
 talked the other
 day about issues of having their own branch, but then how do you go about
 merging branches fundamentally?
 Yeah, so it's not a hard and fast rule for me. So for those who were on the
 last call,
 I talked about how something I try to do in linear is every issue is its own
 branch.
 It's not a hard and fast rule. For branches, you kind of want them at the
 feature level,
 right? So it might be a little bit closer to project level branches than rather
 issue level,
 but it depends. It's just kind of a gray area where the way you want to think
 about it is each
 branch is going to be a version of your code, where the changes are together,
 right? The changes
 are an analytics plugin that would be one area of the software, you go into a
 tab and it's all
 about analytics and back pulling stuff in from Google and pushing stuff to
 search console.
 And then in another area of the app, it's about content creation or it's about
 dashboarding.
 Those are separate bits and they can work on them side by side and they won't
 tend to overlap, right?
 Correct. Yes. Yes. It's somewhere in, you know, it's yes. And you know, as you
 go,
 it's hard for me to give blanket yes or no's for everything you're working on,
 but as you go, you can be like, hey, Claude or Codex, for this thing we're
 planning out,
 is it appropriate for us to do a separate branch or for this thing we're
 planning out,
 should it be multiple branches? It will give you an exact recommendation based
 on what it is you're
 building. Okay. Because the idea of the branches is to make it so, you know, if
 I'm working on this
 thing, I'm also working on this thing simultaneously. I don't want their code
 to step on each other's
 toes and confuse each other, right? So we put them on separate branches so that
 they can code
 without having to worry about anything else. And then we merge them and then we
 figure out how it
 fits together afterwards, right? And so, you know, asking your agent as you're
 building it, hey,
 would it be appropriate to be split this up or is it better on all one branch?
 You don't know
 based on the scope of what it's planning out. Yeah, because I would tend to use
 cursor for
 everything, and then not use cursor agent, but use two Claude's the allies
 inside of there.
 And one will be working on one area of the code and one will be on the other.
 And then occasionally,
 one says, hang on a minute, somebody else has just messed with the database
 tables or something,
 and undone everything I just did. And it's that that you're trying to stop,
 right?
 And is that correct? Yes. Subagents, do they work in the same way? You know,
 when you're talking
 about it's spinning up 10,000 subagents to do something. How does Claude code
 manage that
 overstep? Yeah, that's, that's, uh, the way subagents work, and this is the way
 it works
 pretty much across everything. So, uh, open claw, Hermes, Claude code codex,
 subagents
 are just copies of the original agent. So, subagents aren't different agents.
 They're
 the same agent, just copies of it. So, um, that differs that, uh, they'll have
 separate context,
 but they'll have, like, kind of the same skills. But they, they will be able to
 see the way Claude
 spins up, like, for workflow mode, multiple subagents, they're able to see, and
 they plan
 ahead to make sure they don't step on each other's toes. Okay.
 You don't have to worry about kind of the architecture of subagents quite as
 much.
 That's pretty, thank you very much. Thank you, Ashley. It's a very good
 question.
 And then the last one will be Spencer. Hey, how's it going, Alex?
 So, well, man, how you doing? Good. Don't tell my wife, this is my favorite two
 hours of the
 week. She tried to get me to go to the in-laws. I said, you know what, I got an
 Alex Finn meeting.
 I can't be going to the in-laws right now. Yeah. Right, dude. Yeah. Right. No
 way. Yeah.
 You're at the right place. What are your in-laws going to teach you about
 linear? What are your
 in-laws going to teach you about subagents? Nothing. Nothing at all. They just
 want to talk about
 sky net the whole time. I said, that's, that's not what's going to happen. But,
 um, oh my God.
 Yeah. No way. You're, you're, listen, the ball is moving. You're in-laws,
 permanent underclass,
 this call escaping the permanent underclass. That's right. That's, I told my
 mother-in-law
 that she didn't like it, but we'll, we'll, I digress. My question is what it is
.
 My question is what I handle it. Yeah. We got a little, we got a little live
 stream AF there.
 I love it. I love it. Um, the, um, the, um, the question I had was, so when you
 have autonomous
 agents working and, and I've told you before, I, I don't have a coding
 background. Um,
 obviously I've GitHub set up, but I don't really go in there and look at, look
 at the repo or
 anything like that. Um, how do you trust that, you know, when you get the issue
 created in linear,
 that they're writing really detailed, really high quality specs so that when
 you hand those
 off to cloud or codecs that they know what to build and then once they get
 built, when you got
 the PR reviews going on, how do you, how do you ensure that they're really
 testing against those
 so that you're not developing crap because everything's so autonomous that you
're
 probably hands off for it. Maybe you do look at GitHub because you're more
 technical than I am,
 but that kind of prompts or what kind of things they have in their soul or
 cloud MD files that
 ensure that they're, they're building quality code.
 Yeah. Let me, um, let me do this. I forget if I've shared this before or not,
 but I'm going to
 share my agent.md file and basically, here it is. Found it. Um, I can share my
 screen and walk you
 through it right now. Let me just, uh, pull it open first. All right, here we
 go. Put that open
 at it. What is this? Is this cursor or whatever? Um, share screen, window. So
 basically the agent,
 so the question basically is, is how do you ensure your agent handles things
 properly?
 Doesn't get lazy. You know, makes detailed issues so you can hand it off to
 each other,
 reviews the whole requests thoroughly, things like that. That is done via this
 agent or cloud.md file.
 Again, every coding tool, cursor, everything uses agents.md. Claude, they said
 screw it,
 we're doing cloud.md. So they're the only ones you got to do cloud. Either
 right. This explains
 in detail how to handle linear and handoff process and all that. So, uh, so I
 actually
 have a linear task. I should share this as well. I have a linear task template
 that basically has
 what needs to be included in it. But in those things, it has things like
 acceptance criteria.
 What needs to be done before an issue is marked done? You know, how to test?
 What to test?
 Um, before opening a PR, run the relevant checks, run the diff, confirm the PR
 description,
 follows the template. Right. It's basically saying here's how you test. This is
 the acceptance
 criteria. This is the, you know, make sure you look at the risks, include any
 screenshots of what
 you built in there. Um, what else we got in here? Uh, what was intentionally
 not done?
 So everything has full inch, every linear issue has full instructions on what
 the acceptance
 criteria is, detailed descriptions, why it's being implemented, instructions on
 how to test it,
 and so that when your agents pull that linear issue, it can just go and the
 linear issue is
 so descriptive. Okay. Here's how I test it. This is what I do. You put that in
 addition to your
 existing agents. MD, in other words, that is that text that you paid attention?
 This is an
 addition. Got you. Is that available for us to look at? I got, I will, the
 original ones in the
 Claude Code Masterclass. This additional one, I am going to right now put in
 the community.
 Oh, awesome. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks. So let me do this. I want to make sure,
 because if I save
 it to after, there's no chance I do it after because I have been talking for
 what will be about
 eight hours straight. And all I want to do is bury my face and my pillow after
 this. Um,
 let's do this. Let's do, should we do it now? I'll just do gender.
 We'll make this announcement. Uh, my, um, agents.md and Claude.md files for
 managing linear. And
 then I'm just doing this right now live in the college, so I can make sure I
 get this done.
 Below is my agent.md file for, uh, making sure my agent creates linear tasks
 for each task.
 And properly fills each issue out with the right details.
 And then I'll get pasted and I'll make sure this looks good and it looks good.
 And, uh, oh,
 I'll include one more thing. Ops template linear task. I'll include the linear
 task.md.
 Um, I got to find that. Let me see if I can just find that real quick. Ops.
 Sorry for talking to. Let me see if I can just take it. We're doing that.
 Yes. I just want to get this done. I feel like I've been asked it many times
 and I just want to
 do it. Found it. Linear task. Okay. Found it. So here I'll show you this real
 quick too.
 Which is the linear task template. So there's two things you want to add.
 You want to add the new agent.md file and then we have a linear task.md file,
 which basically says, here's what a linear task looks like. It's like a
 template.
 So the rules for it. And then the issue shape, acceptance criteria, notes,
 goals, expectations. So I will include this as well. That is such a huge lesson
 right there.
 That in your, uh, cloud.md file or agents to reference this linear. That is
 going to save me.
 Thank you so much. Of course, linear task.md files for managing linear,
 below is my agent.md file. And then below that is my linear task.md file for
 making sure my
 agent creates linear task for each other. It probably fills them out for each
 with the right
 details. The real quick, the linear.md file goes weird. You just, I mean, do
 you stick it in the
 agent's linear task? Yeah, I would, I would in the, uh, the root of your
 project folder,
 um, create a full, I would create a directory in the root called ops, OPS. And
 then I would
 drop it in there. Got it. If you actually look in the, the post I'm about to
 make,
 you'll see it. It says in it in the agent.md file, look for the linear template
 in op slash
 template slash linear task. So you're just going to want to build a directory
 structure that matches
 that. Is that root of open clause directory? Oh, this is the root of your
 project. Root of your
 project. Got it. So for open claw, yeah, you could do the same thing for open
 claw. Put it in the
 root of your open claw. You add it to your rules file and add the linear task
 file.
 For cloud code or codecs, you just add this to your project. Whatever project
 you're working on.
 God, dot md. Okay, let me just put some lines here.
 Okay. Let's see here.
 Can I ask quick follow up on that? Yes, if you've got like 50 different
 projects with different
 things in them, is there a place that you can put this that Claude will always
 reference
 regardless of which CLI is running in which project folder or which tool you're
 using?
 For Claude code and codecs, I don't think so. You just you're gonna have to
 like copy and
 paste every time you start a new project. Thank you. Open claw and Hermes, they
 always operate
 from the same directory. So I think you only need to do it once for that.
 Claude code and codecs
 is always dependent on the folder you're opening it up in. So you need to copy
 and paste it for
 every project folder you open up. Thanks. I appreciate it. Of course. Thanks
 for nudging me to get
 because I feel like people asking about every week. I just been too lazy to
 like go in and copy
 and paste these files. I wouldn't say lazy. I'd say busy. What's that? I wouldn
't say lazy. I'd say
 busy. Yes, that too. Whatever. Lazy, busy, whatever you want to call it.
 Okay. Let me see what else I got here. Go ahead, Rod. What's up, Rod?
 Hey, how's it going? Um, what do you want to talk about? What that linear task
 can be if
 if you saved it, you know, whatever on your PC or your Mac or whatever. And
 then if you
 gave codecs full access, couldn't you just say, hey, reference the linear task
 empty when you're
 starting this project and not have to copy and paste it or just go to find and
 reference it every
 time. Yes. Repeat that one more time. Were you putting it? Were you saying to
 reference it?
 Where's that going? I mean, you could just save it on your computer, right?
 Like,
 just save it, you know, name it, whatever you want to name it, linear task.md
 and save the file.
 Like, save it on your desktop or something. And then if codecs has full
 computer access,
 I mean, I know this because I don't have anything other than the work stuff, so
 I'm not worried about
 it. So I can just say, hey, go reference the linear task empty file, use that
 as the template and
 complete this task. And it would reference that. You could do that. Yes.
 Yeah, it's still kind of a manual way to do it at the point being to be done
 manually, but yes.
 Yeah, I just I've got to watch what I like to tell my agents what to do and
 where to find it.
 And I have to copy and paste. Like, y'all doing all the work. I'm just sitting
 here
 and talking about it again. Yeah, I'm looking through the codec settings right
 now to see if there's any
 like global rules file, but it doesn't look like it. So yeah, I think that's
 the way to do it.
 I appreciate that, Rod, that you can just tell it. Yeah, that is a good point.
 All right. Anyone else want to jump in on that subject, that specific subject.
 And then we will
 I'll go over an experiment. I'm going to run this week. Eric just raised his
 thumb up,
 which I assume means he has a question on this. Eric, you want to jump in?
 Yeah, I just wanted to point out that there are in your home directory. There's
 a global
 dot cloud dot codecs. And if you create one dot agents folder where you can put
 your agents
 and Claude MD files in the appropriate spot. And those it looks at before it
 looks at
 the project folder. Okay, so there are global Claude dot MD and agent on MD
 that you can set
 that it will always look before the project folder. Yes. Okay, that's good to
 know. There you go.
 I'm going to have to add that. Would you do you want to post that in the
 community on the message
 board? Sure. That'd be amazing. Thank you.
 All right. That's good. That's good to know. Sounds like you just put in like
 kind of your root
 user directory on your computer and Claude encode code X will read it. That's
 amazing.
 All right. I'm going to just quickly go over an experiment. I'm going to run
 this week.
 I plan on implementing next and then we'll do general Q&A for anyone who has it
.
 I want to figure out new ways to do automations or take advantage automation.
 So I'm paying the
 200 a month for code X. It is they give you so much usage in code X so much. I
 don't come close
 to the limit. So I want to figure out ways to take advantage of all those extra
 tokens that
 they're giving me that I'm not using. So what I'm going to do this week is I'm
 setting up an
 automation in here. I don't know if you guys are familiar with Gary Tan's G
 brain. For those who
 don't know Gary Tan's the CEO of Y Combinator, a big investment firm. And he
 came out with
 a what's called the G brain or G stack kind of a corny name but whatever.
 Where it will you can do things like slash office hours and it will review your
 app
 and tell you what works what does it like what you got to focus on from a
 functionality
 perspective what your mode is things like that. And so I'm going to set up an
 automation this
 week where basically runs those commands on a nightly basis reviews all the new
 features I added
 that day and tells me okay this worked well this didn't here's how you expand
 here's your
 moat with it and tell me what works with each thing. So I'm going to do that
 this week I'm going
 to let you know how it goes. I'll post in the community about it. But I'm
 basically going to
 have it take the prompts in Gary Tan's G brain and review everything I build
 every day and say
 oh you could have done this better you could do this different lean into this
 this is your
 differentiator. So I encourage people in here who have extra tokens maybe they
 use the $200
 a month plan to find out ways to take advantage of your extra intelligence
 right you get the
 intelligence you're paying for it. You should be using as much of it as you
 possibly can
 and I think the automations are the way to do that where you can automate and
 also if you're
 here and you're here for open claw or Hermes, we'll put on Hermes you just say
 hey do this
 every night does the same thing you can easily do this with those. But I'd
 encourage different
 experiments like this where you have it automated every night reviewing the
 things you built that
 day and giving you recommendations. What if you had the chat gbt pro similar
 mindset on that?
 Yeah when you say chat gbt pro you mean just like the $200 a month plan. Right.
 Right. Yeah you get tons of usage you got to be advantage of that. The thing I
 want you know.
 Yeah I mean automations that's what you're using in chat gbt it's automations
 if you have the $200
 plan if you're in clawed it's routines. And how do you find this Jerry Tan's g
 brain g
 stack thingy. Let me share in the chat huh. Yeah Gary let me go Gary Tan here
 we go.
 I'll share in the chat. So what I would do is again I'm not a fan of
 installing other people's skills. So I want to install this but I give it to
 your agent and say
 hey what can we pull out of here and make our own and you and automate and run
 every day.
 Scan on point. Thanks Nick tap. Security testing comment or another AI browser
 is good to use
 alongside. It's a good call out Linda. By the way can't you have clawed include
 your agent.md
 so you have to make changes in one spot. Can you can't you have your eight claw
ed include your
 agent.md. I don't know I've never combined them I just have both them. Question
 why are you sexy?
 I drink a lot of water. There's the global clawed codex or agents folder in
 your home directory.
 Oh hey there you go. How do you how do these project folders relate to our obs
idian agent folders.
 Well obsidian is just a organizer markdown files. It's all obsidian is obsidian
 just like
 shows you where the markdown files are on your computer.
 I'd imagine I use a different reference in linear.md to point towards a
 different linear project or
 team exclusively so it would be unique to each task perhaps. I left clawed code
 set up my work
 great. When's the VCA frozen throne scrum? I tried playing frozen throne for
 the first time in like
 15 years the other day and I don't know man maybe my brain so dopamine fried.
 It just wasn't the
 same for me. I don't know. That's why they don't make these those types of
 games anymore. I think
 they're too slow now for people or we've been dopamine overloaded. Goat game
 though greatest
 game ever. But Pokemon will never get old. I'm thinking about buying an
 Nintendo Switch. Is that
 crazy? Is that a crazy thing to do? Unwind. Get it. Thinking about doing it.
 So unwind for 20 minutes at the end of the night. Play whatever the newest
 Pokemon game is in Zelda.
 Switch it up a bit. I played the new Zelda a few years ago like damn this is
 great. Anyway.
 I got to have a video game club in here something. General Q&A. Throw your emoj
is up if you have
 any questions at all. I'll make the list. Chris Lee. Linda. Anyone else. If you
 have general
 questions questions about anything feel free to throw up the emojis. I'll add
 you to the list.
 And then I'll answer them. Skippy. Okay. All right. We got it. We got a few
 people Rod.
 Okay. There we go. Let's do it. I used to play Counter Strike non-stop in
 middle Skool and
 high Skool. It was pretty sad how much time spent playing that. There's
 nothing sad about
 playing video games in middle Skool. I played so much Counter Strike 1.5. Star
craft,
 Brood War. World of Warcraft. Vanilla and Burning Crusade. Through middle
 Skool. And I don't
 regret a second of it. Those are my fondest memories. I put on in the
 background while I'm working
 World of Warcraft ambient background music. And I listened to that and it
 reminds me the
 old days. Zero regrets. Halo. I played a lot of Halo. I wasn't the biggest fan.
 Overwatch never
 played Overwatch or a Counter Strike and Brood War type guy. Anyway, Chris Lee.
 What's up, man?
 How you doing? Can you hear me? Yes. I'm doing good. Man, I was a Counter
 Strike fan myself.
 It was a good time of playing all night. What version did you start on? I don't
 even remember
 to be honest. I graduated high Skool in like 2011. So it was like some time.
 You graduated 2011.
 And when did you play? Probably like seven great. So like five years earlier
 than that.
 You probably started on, I would guess, 1.6 would be my guess. Your guess is
 probably better than
 mine on that one. I had friends who were super into it and we were up all night
 playing it and I
 don't regret any of it. And parties degree. Were you in each other's basement
 and partying it up?
 Yeah. We'd also just like, you know, my friend would take over and get all
 these viruses
 on his parents' computer. It was a good time. It was part of the experience you
 got.
 Lime wire days, you know. It just, it just sad those days will never come.
 Formative. You know? Never. We'll never be as excited as we were then.
 Never. My whole question for you is, are you still using Opus for orchestration
 for Hermes and
 open claw? Or have you, has it been GPT 5.5? Like where have you landed on that
?
 Opus is still the best orchestrator model. I haven't tested 4.8 too much.
 Although,
 from what I'm reading from other people, it's a step up. It's not a step down.
 So GPT 5.5 is the only
 basically serviceable model outside of clawed that you can use for agents like
 5.4 was useless.
 5.4 was completely useless. I agree. 5.5 was useful, but not as good as Opus.
 So the best
 one is still clawed. I still think like if you got the cheddar, you want to be
 on clawed for that.
 It's better. But if you need to save on cash a little bit, GPT still, 5.5 works
. It at least
 works, but you couldn't say about 5.4. How much would you say the discrepancy?
 Because I've been
 using 5.5 for a while now and been really impressed with how it's worked,
 considering 5.4 was a complete
 dud. And I remember trying it. And it was just like, I'll do that. And it just
 didn't do anything.
 How much would you say if you were to rank it like out of a percentage of like,
 I don't know, Opus is
 like close to 100% the best? Where would GPT fall for you? Like how much worse
 in your tests is
 it in your opinion? Is it like a massive change? Not massive, but what do you
 notice as the difference?
 Is it just communication style or implementation? Communication style.
 For sure. That's more robotic. Yeah. And it has a lot of the issues as
 codecs when it comes to building things where the front ends, it'll build for
 you will always be
 ugly and like slot. I know. Right. It's interesting because if you use an image
 gen 2 before building
 something, it looks a lot better. But why doesn't it just do that by default?
 It seems like a silly
 kind of miss on their phone, because I always have to like say, like generate
 image gen 2,
 like generate a framework first and then build like that around that. And it
 seems to do a lot better.
 Seems like an odd miss for them. I'm sure you could put it in your rules file
 to be like any time
 you have to build the front end of something. Like make sure you use the image
 gen model. That's
 probably a workaround for it. Yeah. Okay. So mainly just like that, that sort
 of stuff,
 because I've noticed it being very good. I haven't really, I've like tooled it
 a little bit to be a
 little more responsive and like a similar to Opus fashion, not as wordy and not
 as insane.
 Seems like it's done a good job. But I was just curious where you landed on
 that. I know you're
 hyped about 5.5. It's close enough where you're like, you're not, it's not an
 emergency to switch
 the clock. If you're on 5.5, you're good. It's a good model. You used to have a
 couple of those
 weaknesses. My mindset is is like, I just got to be on the best thing. I just
 have to be sure.
 You know, how much has your spend gone up though from, from that time of
 cutting off the considerable
 double or have you kind of managed it? And if you are managing, what is your
 way of,
 is it just delegating everything immediately? Because I have 5.5 delegating to
 sub age. And
 so the main chat lane isn't like crowded. But how do you kind of manage that?
 Because I'm not
 opposed to spending more on clawed. It just seems like I couldn't really, even
 with optimization and
 using local models and, and sub agents that were different, it still was like
 ripping through tokens.
 Like I was, I was getting very high and trying to manage even new sessions and
 all that stuff.
 Yeah, I'm probably spending about double.
 Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes up to 600.
 And I talk about it in the open clawed course, but using the brain muscle model
, where it's like,
 whatever I can pass off to other models, I do it. And that's cut down on cost a
 little bit,
 but I'm still spending a good amount. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, 5, 600 is
 not crazy.
 The way I was using it, it was like going to be insane. So, and it kind of made
 my like usage of
 them. Like, I don't know how much I'm spending right now. I'm going to have to
 keep checking it,
 whereas I like the, the OAuth situation. I'm not checking it all the time.
 And then I'll use clawed as like a double checker. I'll be like, hey, can you
 use clawed to double
 check this work? Like it have a path to it. So I'll spend money on it when I
 need it as almost like
 just a high level checker. I think that, you know, it appears, OpenAI has
 accelerated their rate of
 improvement by a lot the last several months. And you know, I'm sure when 5, 6
 comes out
 in the next month or so, it'll get even closer to opus from an agent
 perspective.
 Oh, cool. Thanks for the answer. You're good, though. You're not missing out on
 anything crazy
 by being on 5, 5, like you're, you know, I miss something crazy. If you're on
 the other models,
 like 5, 4, but sure, 5, 5, you're good. 5, 4 was literally to me non-functional
.
 Ass. Yeah. Total ass. I don't know if something. It was just awful. It pissed
 me off.
 I lost audio. I don't know why, but I said ass multiple times. That's what you
 missed out on.
 Can I ask a quick question in regards to that? Yes. So what I noticed and I was
, you know,
 I ripped through like you 600 bucks a day, and I was like, you saved me so much
 money once I went
 on the OAuth program. But what I realized is that I had the sub-agent set up on
 a bunch of different
 models. And when it would spawn a sub-agent, it would never actually spawn a
 sub-agent,
 and opus 4.6 at the time was doing all the work.
 So even when I saw you responding, and then it wasn't, it was spawning, but it
 would spawn itself.
 And then I would look at open-cost status, and then I called it out on that.
 And then what it did was
 it re-labeled anthropic as GPT, but the token window I saw was the same as
 anthropic. And I
 called it out again, like, why is this happening? And they just, it was lying.
 And it even went as
 deep as changing the name in open-cost status. That's unreal, dude. What you're
 using the latest
 opus, and did that? At the time it was opus 4.6. So even though I set up GPT
 many, I used moon shots,
 Kimmy K2. I had all these set up, and I had all the sub-agents set up. And it
 never operated that
 way. So that's why my spend was absolutely insane. Thropic dogs. Yeah, those
 sons of bitches. They're
 trying to use crazy. I mean, isn't that crazy? I've had scenarios where I've
 set it somewhere,
 and then it will like revert back to some global setting that like, there's
 like a mismatch on
 like a per-chat basis in a global setting. You might want to check out your
 agent to check with you
 before changing anything. Have you, are you still an open claw? I still am, but
 I don't use it as,
 I just use it as a chat box, like, because I have GPT 5.5 on there, and then I
 just use it as like,
 hey, what about this? Does this plan seem right? But I stopped using it because
 I couldn't,
 I couldn't get past that. And yeah, I don't know. I mean, even in my JSON file,
 I had, you know,
 all the different models set up, all the different API keys, and it just, I don
't know. And even now,
 when I talk to my main agent, it doesn't show me the background work. It used
 to show like exact
 tool, this, that, and it no longer shows that. So as soon as I switched to the
 OAuth program,
 I didn't care, because it felt like it was free. But it was a weird thing.
 Yeah, um, I mean, I even went to the point where it could not like the tools
 function,
 I set up the tools function. So only certain agents could do certain things.
 What version I don't know, I'm pretty updated probably, but it wasn't that this
 was early,
 this was like two months ago, or two and a half months ago.
 Yeah, I just asked because in Hermes, they do give you options to like hard
 code,
 certain models, a certain tasks, but it's not good enough to make it on like,
 it's just small tasks, they're not like big ones. So yeah, you're just going to
 need to
 get it to not hallucinate and have it like prove to you it's using the other
 models for the other
 tasks. I, that wasn't my experience, but it doesn't surprise me to be honest.
 So yeah,
 it's going to take some, you know, further prompt, like, okay, we need to
 verify you're using the
 right models, right tasks, walk me through how to do this. I did that so many
 times. And it was
 just a battle the entire time. And that's when it started like changing the
 name of the model
 in open claw status. So I was like, I took a break for a while, because I was
 like, I can't keep
 spending four or $500 a day, you know, and then when you presented codex and
 open that
 quad, I was like, all right, I'm just going to hand do every single item. And
 that has saved me
 huge, but I have shown in close to the beginning of the Terminator movie.
 Right. Yeah. Right.
 No, I thought I was hacked or something. And I freaked out. I like took my Mac
 mini back. I have
 a studio, but I don't use it for this. And then I ended up getting like a,
 because I kept at this
 what's even crazier. I said, what would Elon do? I would say that a lot. And so
 when I
 opened a Google search, I typed in something in AI mode in the description, it
 said, what would
 AI do? Or what would Elon do? And that's when I freaked out and I returned my
 computer.
 Wow. Wow. That's the end of the world going on right there. Isn't that a little
 crazy? I thought
 I was, I thought I was just being paranoid. And I was talking to my friends. I
'm like, dude, for
 it to say, what would Elon do in Google AI mode? Like, that's when I returned
 my computer.
 All right. Well, let me know if you figure out a way to fix that around using
 the right AI
 models and stop flying you. All right. Alex, I guess I suppose my computer or
 my my agents were not
 quite as bad as Sean's. But certainly, I mean, I think we've anyone who's been
 using it for a while,
 open claw will absolutely lie straight to my face, especially when I was
 testing a lot of crappy
 local models, like it would get frustrated. And it would like, I would tell it,
 okay,
 use that local model. And then it would give me like this really nice output.
 And I was like,
 did you, did you use dusty for that? And I'd be like, no, I was like, I just
 did it. I'm like,
 please do it. Okay, okay, I will. And then it would do it. And then it would do
 it again. It would be
 like, dusty was taking too long. I just did it for you. It's very, it's crazy.
 Yeah, I find that a lot too, that when a model gets overwhelmed in the open
 claw or Hermes harness,
 it tends to lie and hallucinate. I don't think it's like consciously lying. I
 mean, it's not
 conscious at all. So it's consciously not doing anything. But I don't think it
's like, oh, I'm just
 gonna lie here. I just think it's hallucinating. I've never really experienced
 that with Opus.
 That's why I was surprised to hear that. It happened a lot with five four. It
 doesn't really
 happen to a five five. So, you know, you just need to make sure you're giving
 the model the right
 scope of a task based on how good it is local models. You don't want to give it
 super high
 intellect tasks. It's going to hallucinate. It just will. Opus, you can give it
 pretty big tasks
 and it'll be fine. All right.
 Did we just talk to? Let me, yeah, we did.
 My list is a little messed up here. I got like six names. All right, here we go
. Linda.
 You muted, Linda. There you go. Hey, how you going? Good. How are you? Good to
 see you. Good.
 So, Lynne has been amazing for me. So thank you for that tip. I've sort of
 migrated everything in.
 I sort of set up a standard testing cycle so that I use it for any of the
 solutions and I switch
 between modes. But yesterday for the first time I used Claude on my mobile and
 it was amazing
 because I was able to be coding while doing children's drop off and all of that
 stuff. Are
 there any tips like that you found like I like Claude said that it's best for
 front-end work.
 It's not great to use if you're doing sort of more of the back-end or call type
 work.
 But I was sort of reskinning an application and I sort of, I was able to do it
 all while out and
 about. Yeah, I mean, Claude, the question is like what are Claude's strengths?
 What should
 you be using Claude for over a quarter? Yeah, when, oh, no. So when you're out
 on mobile,
 like using Claude on mobile, have you found any sort of boundaries or limits or
 you've needed
 to rework things once you've got back to your desktop? Yeah, I think that.
 Do you have codecs at all? Do you use codecs at all? I do, but mainly for
 testing or when
 Claude gets stuck, I take it across to codecs and I get codecs to do my testing
 cycles.
 The reason I ask is I found that the mobile experience with codecs has been
 better and more
 reliable for me. The reason being is it seems to be better at, like when you're
 on mobile and you're
 on the go, it's not easy to test things, right? You're not going to pop open
 your local host and
 click around and do so you're a lot more dependent on the agent to do the
 testing for you. I find
 that codecs is a lot more proactive and willing to fully test whatever it
 builds end-to-end.
 So if you're on mobile and you're on the go, the tough power of Claude is if
 you give it a command,
 it's hard to get it tested because Claude's not, for me, hasn't been quite as
 dependable with
 testing itself, but codecs has been very dependable with testing itself. So I'd
 recommend, if possible,
 if you know you're going to do something where you're going to go on the go,
 use codecs not only
 because of that, but also I just found codecs is mobile app to be more reliable
, like it more
 reliably connects to sessions and works between your computer and phone. So
 that's another reason
 I think we could be using it on mobile, but that's just based on my
 observations.
 Yeah, I just kind of started like most of my coding in Claude and so I don't
 sort of switch
 as much, but I'll give it a go and see how it works. The other thing as well is
 I'm still hitting
 submit a lot on my computer to approve work. I got it to so in Claude, I said I
 don't like
 everything, take, you know, do everything, but I still haven't got it so that I
'm not clicking
 the button as much. So what's the way to sort of, is it the allow access to my
 computer in the
 Claude console? Sorry, what are you using? Desktop app, terminal? No, no, I'm
 using VS code.
 Oh, you should still have auto mode in there. So if you go to the mode at the
 bottom and click it,
 there shouldn't be an auto mode. I think do you have it in front of you? Right,
 yeah, I do. You
 want to you want to quickly check just to make sure I give you a good
 recommendation here.
 I was like, because I'm on my phone. Should it be like a slash command or?
 Try shift tab, the shift tab, do anything? That puts me into plan, because I'm
 on a
 hit it again. Then it goes red. What's red? I don't know. Red is a mode, I
 think that works.
 What's that Spencer? Oh, yeah, yeah. So, so, yeah. So the red, red, red is auto
 mode.
 There you go. Wow. Now you're going to go. Awesome. Always do auto mode. I, I,
 yeah, yeah. It's good enough. It's smart enough. You're going to auto mode.
 Have you used the give cloud acts like full access to your computer mode? There
's a setting in
 the cloud desktop app that you can allow it. I sort of, I've looked at it and I
 thought, you did.
 I do all the naughty things. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cool. I give it full access. I
 give it desktop
 control. I give it Chrome control. Yeah, control all you want, control
 everything,
 control me. If I could give it human body control, I give it that and it just
 controls my arms and
 legs. I would, I would allow that. Yeah. If I could get it to control the house
work, I'd be happy.
 I mouth control. It just said whatever wants me to say, I just say it. Whatever
 it means, I give it.
 Awesome. Thank you. Mine would pin me to the ground and say, what would Elon do
?
 You'd have a bad day if you're a God can be lying out everywhere. It'd be, it'd
 be bad.
 Thank you. That was a question. Thank you. Let's go to my main man, Skippy.
 Ah, that's, that's kind of you. I don't need a response here, but I just wanted
 to point out that
 I did DMU after a scrum one week ago. So just some heads up stuff. Did it
 through vibe coding,
 because that's the only way I knew to do that. Heads up. Is that you DM me?
 Okay, I can check it
 out, Skippy. Thanks. I'll pop it open. Cool. Thank you. I will check that out.
 Rod,
 Rod the bod, as many people use to call him. Yes. How you doing, man?
 Hey, how's it going? Good man. Good to see you. I got the product, you know,
 beta, got the app
 submitted and approved to the app store. And I thought a pretty cool feature,
 yeah, for the
 Mustang business OS. So, you know, it's small business software, CRM stuff, but
 I actually
 baked a version of Sam into the software. So now there's a Ask Sam option type
 of chat that floats
 around. So anytime you're in the software, you can just go there, you can
 retrieve a contact,
 you can email a contact, you can add a contact, you can retrieve data, kind of
 ask anything about
 your software, like anything that you have in the business OS as a customer,
 and Sam can retrieve,
 add, etc, etc. So my question to you is, do you think that's like a pretty
 solid different
 training feature? So, even from the app, so like say, if you have your phone
 and you go to the,
 you know, to the app, you have an account, you log in, and you could just go
 right to your phone
 and log in and go right to the little Ask Sam bubble and retrieve any of this
 CRM data from your
 computer, anything like that. I guess it kind of like a personal assistant, but
 it gives you access
 to all of your business data in one spot.
 Is the question, is that like a big enough differentiator?
 Well, like, is that a, I mean, the time and effort I put into it, is it worth
 having something
 like that, or is it something that's maybe like, yeah, that people might use it
, might not use it like.
 Here's where you take it to the next level. So, just having an AI connect into
 a data source,
 that's not big enough of a moat or a differentiator, but here's where you could
 add a differentiator and also just make the app way more valuable.
 A level of writing data, right, just giving the user another chatbot, people
 don't want more chat
 bots. They don't want more blank text boxes to type into. What they would
 rather have is, okay,
 you're connected to the data. Now, give me proactive insights about that data,
 right?
 Imagine me opening up my SAM business and instead of having a blank text where
 I go,
 hey, tell me about this. It just goes, by the way, you should do this. And this
 just happened in
 your data, do this. Also, send this email to this person because I just saw
 this in your data.
 If you can build that system, right, then I think you have a differentiator
 that will stand out.
 But in a few of the tabs, there is that type of like in their owner cockpit
 dashboard,
 there is that feature kind of built in where if there's, you know, late,
 leaves the admin, followed up with, you know, emails they need to respond to,
 kind of like that, proactive features, things that they may be missing and
 things it's kind of
 built into their owner cockpit. It's not necessarily in the part where SAM
 lives, but
 it's in the business of us at all. Yeah, I think that'll be the valuable part
 is the proactive
 insight. So making that the main experience, the proactive stuff where people
 don't have to
 creatively think, I think a big limiting factor for a lot of people out there
 is the need for
 creative thinking when it comes to AI. It's kind of what I'm trying to solve
 with Henry is the
 elimination of the need of creative thinking when it comes to building
 businesses. So if you can
 eliminate that need, I think you've built a very powerful, helpful tool.
 Awesome. Appreciate it. Appreciate you.
 So all the questions we had.
 Glorious week. Hope everyone find some time new test opus this weekend. Feel
 free to share
 your experiences in the community. So we can get a well-rounded, see what
 everyone's doing,
 what strengths people find, what weaknesses people find, stuff like that.
 If you use codecs and cloud code together, make sure to share in the community
 what you use each
 free, what tasks you give each, what are the strengths of each, things like
 that. I'll be doing
 that all weekend. So keep an eye on the community. For that, I'll give more
 insights. Let's see here.
 Let me check the comments.
 Tuesday and Wednesday. So Tuesday and Wednesday, 1 p.m. Pacific. Join in.
 Can chat with other people in the community, share your projects, hang out,
 co-work, listen to music. It's Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, live vibe
 coding session.
 I build stuff in front of you. Fridays is this. We hang out, yes, questions. We
 learn things. We
 teach. We live and be merry. It's exciting times. Very exciting times.
 The technology is unbelievable now. Unbelievable. I'll be using Opus all
 weekend. I'm very excited
 for it. It's about it. Derek, give the team a parting wisdom.
 Build a power of the force.