going to hit the record button. We are now recording. I'm going to pin myself
 for everyone so I can
 be the center of attention as I always prefer. And in a second we are going to
 talk about
 a very important topic that I have been noodling on and building over the last
 several days
 since Fable released that I think is critical. I think it's important. I look
 forward to going
 through what I've come up with with you. I look forward to getting feedback and
 ideas.
 I look forward to having fun. I believe if you pay attention and execute on
 what we go through here,
 you will become dramatically more productive.
 This is a big one. This is a big one. Let me pull up my materials
 so that I can show you something cool. Here we go. I'm popping it open.
 All right, let's start with this. Let's see how many people we got here. 37. We
're in a good spot.
 We're in a good spot.
 Okay, April. I got a mute Gabriel. It's fine. All right. When we enter
 the rooms, let's make sure we hit the mute button when we enter the call rooms.
 Let's make
 sure we just hit mute. Let me get a fair ask. Fable five releases three days
 ago,
 two days ago, three days ago. I don't know. Time flies. There's been this talk
 over the past
 couple of weeks. There's been a lot of vague posting from Claude and OpenAI
 team members
 around this concept of loops. They're claiming that these AI models are so
 smart,
 you can just set them off and they'll work autonomously for days,
 figuring things out to do and then doing those things. That's the claim.
 I disagreed with the claim up to this point. They call it loops. Oh, you
 shouldn't be prompting
 your AI anymore. You should be building loops. No more telling your AI what to
 do,
 build loops. The AI just figures out what to do. I mean, I've experimented with
 this a good amount
 for a while now, for months, and I just didn't believe it was like production
 ready that concept.
 I didn't believe you can build any sort of professional software not prompting
 your AI and
 just setting up loops. I publicly fought back against it. Then Fable five drops
 a couple
 of days ago, and my opinion on that has changed. I've been using it pretty much
 nonstop the last
 couple of days. I believe it's so good that you can have it loop autonomously
 and work autonomously
 for a very long time. Now, the critical thing here is that you need to set up
 the right systems
 in the right guardrails. I since Fable has been since Fable dropped have been
 developing and
 building out a system in guardrails. What I'm going to show you is that system
 in guardrails.
 I'm not going to keep it. I'm not going to hold anything back. I'm going to
 share it all.
 I've been thinking about it a lot. Why has open AI and Claude been gatekeeping
 or not
 gatekeeping, but vague posting about this so much. Typically, when you give
 advice about your tools,
 you go, here's how to do it. Here's how to execute on the advice I'm giving.
 But all of Claude and
 Chad GPT, their posts have been like, make sure you loops in the future do
 loops. I don't prompt
 anymore. I just do loops. But none of them are explaining how to do it. And I
 think I have come
 to the conclusion after building my own loop and testing it out and using it. I
've come to the
 conclusion that they're purposely vague posting and they're purposely gate
keeping how to do all this
 because that's now the most valuable asset an engineering org has. Is there?
 Someone's
 mics off. Can we make sure we're on mute? Can we make sure we're on mute? I don
't want to spend
 half the call muting people. All right. Thank you. If you got a question, feel
 free to
 say something in the chat, then I'll call on you. Where was I? I think that now
 the loop
 architecture people build is like the most valuable asset an engineering org
 has. If you have an
 infrastructure, a loop infrastructure that allows your AI to autonomously work,
 and it's really good,
 it increases your efficiency, a hundred X. You don't want your competition to
 have it,
 right? Because then your competition becomes as powerful as you. And so now it
's almost like the
 moat a lot of these companies have, you know, is how they automate their AI.
 And I know I'm
 going on a soliloquy here, but I'll get to the action in a second. I just want
 to set the stage
 properly. Right. If everyone has access to AI, everyone has access to the same
 models.
 So what are the modes that are left if everyone has access to the same super
 intelligence? Well,
 how you use that intelligence, right? The infrastructure around, by the way,
 there's a fire tweet I'm
 coming up with here improvise. I got to write this down. Like this is like a b
anger thousand
 like tweet I'm saying out loud right now. So let me just, let me just write
 this down real quick,
 the things I'm saying. I think in virality. That's kind of how my brain works.
 I think in virality.
 I'm just writing this concept down real quick. I figured out why open AI and
 anthropic are vague posting about loops. It's the last moat. If everyone has
 access to the same
 super intelligence, then the way they use it is the moat. I'm going to share my
 complete system,
 surely boom, banger to 8,000 likes, easy, save idea. Back to what I was saying.
 If everyone has access to the same intelligence, then what's the moat an
 engineering org has?
 How they use the intelligence and if you use it in a super efficient way
 that allows you to have a thousand X efficiency, you don't want to share that.
 You don't want your
 competition to have that. And so now, I think the reason why there's been so
 much vague posting
 and not many tutorials on how to build this system is people just don't want to
 lose their
 advantages. So with that being said, I'm going to share everything I got when
 it comes to looping.
 I think this system has dramatically increased my efficiency. And I think there
's way more I
 can do to increase it on top of what it's got. So let's see, we're at talked
 about fable.
 What is a loop? Before I show you my loop, let's make sure we're all on the
 same page
 around what a loop is. It is basically a system you put in place involving
 whatever tools you
 want that allows an AI agent, Claude code code X, Hermes, open claw to work
 continuously and not
 require prompting. That's what a loop is. Typically, the way you were using
 agents up to this point
 to build stuff is you go to Claude code and you say, Hey, build this feature.
 And then you test
 it. It works. You merge it. Okay. And then you go, Oh, I build this. No, I
 actually don't like that
 change this. Okay. Now do this. Now build this. And your engineering experience
 up to that point
 is you hand holding this agent to the finish line, which for the last two years
 was a dramatic
 improvement over what coding was the previous 40 years, right? The previous 40
 years of coding
 was literally just manually typing code. Then for two years, you have this
 major revolution,
 where you can just kind of tell an AI what to do. And they do it, which is a
 major efficiency
 gain for sure. But now this is kind of the third stage. This is the third stage
 of development.
 Stage one, writing code stage two, telling an AI what to do stage three, autom
ating the AI.
 So that's what a loop is. Now to set the stage for what goes into my loop,
 I'm using several tools. I'm using cloud code with fable five is fable five. I
 believe is the
 only AI that is capable of working autonomously for a very long time. It's the
 best AI model ever
 made. It's better than chat GPT 5.5. Chat GPT 5.5 was the best coding model for
 what three weeks.
 And now their reign is over. It is now fable five. It is by far the best model.
 I'd say it's about
 an equal leap as opus four five was if people were around back in November, op
us four five dropped.
 It was incredible mind blowing revolutionary. The biggest leap I think of all
 time for an AI
 model. I think this matches that truly incredible model. And so I'm using cloud
 code.
 I highly recommend everyone here should be using cloud code at this point.
 I think you can design everything I'm about to show you. I think you can design
 with codecs.
 I think you can do a chat GPT 5.5 if that's your only subscription. I think you
 can do it.
 I don't think it'll be quite as good as fable five just because fable five is
 that good.
 Fable five is like unbelievable, but chat GPT 5.5 is amazing. So I still think
 you could do this
 just won't be quite as good. So that's cloud fable five. The main
 two other main tools, I think are important for this. One is linear. I think
 everyone
 should be using linear if you want to set this up. I've already got you guys to
 go on to linear.
 If you've been watching the videos in the classroom and stuff like that,
 you're probably already on linear. If you're not already on linear,
 highly recommend going into the classroom section in this community.
 And there's a section on there for live like five videos on linear. I'd watch
 them just get
 set up and understand how it works. And then the last tool you're going to need
 for this
 is some sort of communication app. I'm using Slack. The reason why I'm using
 Slack is because
 I have teammates. I'm building Henry intelligent machines with a teammate. But
 you could probably
 do this with Discord. You could do this with Discord, this system. If you're
 more of a Discord
 person. And I don't think you're going to need to pay for Discord. I think you
 need to pay for
 Slack to do what I'm going to do here. Like it's like $8 a month or something.
 But if you're just
 doing this by yourself, you can do this with Discord. I'm pretty sure. I'm
 pretty sure.
 Two messages in the chat. Are you planning to update the bootcamp based upon f
able five?
 I don't think I'll update the videos that are there. I think that I'm just
 going to add more
 videos on top of it. I think the videos that are there are still relevant and
 still cover the core
 of how to talk to coding AI agents properly. That doesn't change. I don't think
 that changes
 with fable five is just you taught you taught tell AI like the bootcamp covers
 the phase two
 of AI coding how to handhold your agent through things. I still think that's
 important to know
 because I still think you will run into situations outside of this loop where
 you need to handhold
 your agent. So I don't think that needs updating. If I thought it needed
 updating, I'd update it.
 I think what I'm going to do is just make a whole new series on top of that
 kind of a next
 part that covers the loop. If that makes sense, Alex modal. Linear is great.
 Thanks for the
 recommendation. Core Shane. Highly recommend everyone take the linear videos. I
 think there's
 four short videos. I think they're like eight minutes each in the classroom for
 linear. Highly
 recommend it. Now, with that being said, I'm just going to share my screen and
 we're going to go
 through it. Let's go through it. If you got questions along the way, Finn's the
 goat. You're the goat,
 man. Goat first name, Alex. Great first name. Here we go. This is my complete
 system. I'm not
 gate keeping anything. I might gate keep this on YouTube so my competitors don
't come in and steal
 my core infrastructure loop. And I'll walk through this. Gordon, I see you
 leaning in all close,
 making sure you see every little word there. I'll go through it. I'll explain
 it. Don't you worry.
 I'll explain it. What are you sipping? Oh, some horns. Good. I hope you got a
 little donut or
 something with it too. There you go. I think this is a vibe code academy
 exclusive right here. I
 don't think I'm going to go through this full thing on YouTube. So enjoy it.
 Anyway, here's how
 it works. So linear is the core of this entire system. Linear holds all the
 things you want to be
 built out in this loop, right? And the idea is this. Let me just paint the
 picture of how this
 workflow works. You wake up in the morning, drink a little water, get nice and
 hydrated,
 sit down to your computer. I mean, you got a cup of Joe and you sit down and
 you talk to your AI
 agent and you just explain all the features and improvements you want to build
 that day.
 So you go in. There's three core loops here, spec build review. It says slash
 him because I'm
 doing this all in Henry intelligent machines, but just ignore that part spec
 build review slash
 spec slash build slash review. You sit down, you do slash spec. And all the
 examples I'll use
 will be around Henry slash spec. I want a global chat option in the app slash
 spec.
 A user had this bug slash spec. The banner image is broken, make that look good
 slash spec.
 Build build AI marketing videos for meta ads that users can do, right? And so
 you just kind of
 brain dump in all these features with the slash spec skill. What the slash spec
 skill will do is
 one, ask you any questions about each and every one of those features until it
 feels fully
 confident enough to build it. And then to build the spec for it, build the
 document,
 build the issue inside linear. So each one of those you do creates an issue in
 linear.
 From there, there's another chat in Claude, that is a slash loop slash build,
 just like this. And you hit enter what that does, and then you can say like 20
 minutes.
 What that does is every 20 minutes, this loop goes and calls slash him build.
 What him build does is it goes and it looks for all the specs in linear that
 haven't been claimed
 yet. And it grabs the spec and builds it, builds it out, builds it out, puts it
 on its own preview
 branch. For those who don't know, preview branch, you have GitHub, you have
 different branches,
 a preview branch is just like its own sandbox branch. So whatever code it
 writes, can't disrupt
 the production code, right? And so this loop is going, this build loop that's
 just going and
 taking every spec building out, putting it on its own branch, taking every spec
 building out,
 putting it on its own branch, taking every spec building out, putting its own
 branch.
 Then there's a third loop going called slash him review, so slash review for
 you guys.
 And what that does is take the preview branches that it built,
 and a different AI goes and just reviews it, make sure it matches the spec,
 make sure it matches the acceptance criteria. Once that review passes,
 you come back at the end of the day, right? So you start your day, you gave it
 a bunch of ideas,
 it went autonomously, built out all the ideas and reviewed itself. And then you
 come back at the
 end of the day after all the reviews went. And then inside Slack, you have a
 channel or discord
 that lists all the preview branches, and then a list of how to test them all
 step by step. And
 you go, you just click there, open the branch, test it, looks good to go, merge
, open a branch,
 test it looks good to emerge. So your day has went from sitting there all day,
 hand holding,
 and I'll go in a way more detail over everything I just said and say, I want to
 start from a high
 level. Your day has went from hand holding the agent nonstop, to you come in,
 you give it a
 bunch of ideas, it spends all day autonomously building them and reviewing
 itself. At the end
 day, you test and merge. And this is from a more detailed perspective, what's
 happening here,
 you give your ideas, it interviews you with the spec skill.
 You can approve the spec if you want, or you can just have it automated,
 approve it automatically.
 The builder's just looping. It builds a preview branch. There's a review loop
 that reviews it.
 Then you human review it and merge it. And then it all gets listed in Slack
 channels.
 Let me see what questions are on here first, and I'll go into some other things
. Loops are
 something I haven't personally used yet, but I guess it depends on what you're
 building,
 whether or not you can just leave the agents to discuss, decide and make auto
 changes.
 How does it know the sequence of issues to build? This is a super powerful
 workflow.
 This is basically, so how does it know the sequence of issues to build?
 So by default, it's just going to take whatever specs are unclaimed and claim
 them and build them.
 Now there are scenarios. Will you be posting that loop system doc in the
 community? Yes,
 I'm just going to need to remove some things from it because it has like
 environment variables
 and shouldn't it that are specific to Henry. So I'll make a generalized version
 that doesn't
 have like passwords and stuff in it because I shared this with my partner who I
'm building
 Henry with and I don't want. So it would include setup on how to him get up and
 running.
 But I'll do a more general version. What was I saying?
 Oh, sequences. So by default, the build loop just takes whatever is available.
 Now there's going to be times where a feature you spec out will need multiple
 issues.
 So if you have like a super complex feature, you ask your agent to build. It
 might create four or
 five issues, right? Because that's typically how linear works. You don't just
 put massive
 features in one issue. You break the feature down into multiple issues like
 bite-sized chunks.
 What will happen is your agent will say this issue is blocked by this issue,
 which is blocked by this issue, which is blocked by this issue. So your review
 loop will be able to
 know which issue to start with and do it in order if it's a complex feature.
 What models do you recommend for each phase spec review build test? This is N
ARAB.
 I'm sure there's ways you can hyper optimize here, right? And use, you know,
 sonnet for review,
 fable for spec, opus for build. I'm sure there's ways you can hyper optimize.
 I'm going to be honest. I do fable for everything. I'm on the $200 a month plan
.
 I've been doing this nonstop for two days now. And I've used 25% of my limits
 in two days
 for the week. So not terrible. It resets tonight. I'm also going to be honest.
 I'm prepared to pay extra to keep using it. I turned on extra usage. So when I
 hit limits,
 it's just going to charge me API usage. I understand not everyone wants to do
 that that way.
 I think if you're on the $200 a month plan,
 just give it a go. Use fable for everything, right? Put it on high. You don't
 need to put
 on extra high. Why not get a second Mac subscription? I don't feel like it.
 That's the answer. I don't know. It's just easier if I turn on extra usage.
 And then I don't have to worry about multiple subscriptions, stuff like that.
 A lot of questions coming in one second. But I'm sure there's ways you can
 optimize it,
 where it's like it uses opus for building sonnet for testing. I'm sure you can
 do it that way.
 You're probably going to want to do it that way if you're not on the $200 a
 month plan.
 If you're on the $100 a month plan, you're probably going to want to do it that
 way.
 If you're on the $20 a month plan, you're not using fable at all.
 I don't even, it's fable, including a $20 a month plan. I'm not sure. If it is,
 you're probably getting one prompt out of it, to be honest with you.
 My Claude desktop built a very similar workflow and Claude is my QA from my
 local model agents work.
 Like I think good point to bring up Andrew. I think there are ways you can
 bring in local models
 here as well to save tokens. Like I'm sure when the build loop goes
 and there's no, there's nothing in the queue. It's still burning tokens. So
 like I think there's
 probably ways to hyper optimize this so that like you're using a local model as
 the building loop.
 And then when it picks up a task, it then can hand it to Claude.
 I'm going to be honest, I'm two days into this, right? I didn't believe in this
 until two days
 ago when fable came out. There's going to be a lot of things I change and
 improve as time goes on.
 This is kind of my raw, what's worked for me up to this point.
 And so I'm sure things will change. I'm sure I'll have to optimize.
 June 22nd will come around and Thropics has been kind of, oh, we might take it
 out of the
 subscription. We might not pull shit. They're just like trying to see what
 public sentiment is.
 If people get too angry, they'll keep it in the subscription, but they're going
 to
 eventually take it out. It doesn't make economic sense to keep it in. They'll
 eventually take it
 out. Things are going to change. Workflow is going to change and evolve.
 This is where we're at right now. And I think you just got to go for it right
 now.
 I think you just got to build it, use it, and as you use it, things will
 improve and change.
 How much sleep are you getting? I'm not getting a lot.
 I really tried hard to prioritize sleep the last few weeks. When like,
 open clock came out in January, I slept like three to four hours a night for
 like a month.
 I was a total wreck. And eventually, I just like, this is unsustainable. I have
 to
 prioritize sleep. Last night, last night, I let go a little bit. I stayed up to
 like one in the
 morning doing this. That was, that was bad. I shouldn't have done that. Do you
 have multiple
 subagents using multiple models for certain workflows? No. No. I just had the
 default behaviors.
 If you turn on ultra code, then it'll use the new workflows feature, which
 spins up subagents,
 but I haven't found the need for that. Have you tried adjusting the extra high
 or higher?
 Yeah, I've done extra high at times. I shifted it down a high for like one task
,
 and then I never shifted it back up again. Again, no specific reason. I just,
 I just keeps working for me. It just keeps working. Also, hopping to other subs
 would
 break your flow. Yeah, I mean, that's, that's another thing. You got to have
 separate windows.
 I'd rather just keep it on one. Claude is offering 30% for what is worth extra
 usage.
 Yep, I did that. I bought that the day fable came out. I bought the thousand or
 the seven hundred
 dollars package for thousand dollars. I created and pushed the app you posted
 the video about
 yesterday with fable on $20 plan and credit. Oh, really? Amazing. That's great,
 Shane.
 Way to actually build along with the video. That's awesome.
 Alex coding vampire fan. I know that a lot of front, but I can tolerate fixed
 costs,
 not variable surprise. I tried using a work one fable and used my five hour
 limit in 20 minutes
 and 23% of my weekly usage. Yeah, the workflows seem to be sick where, so for
 those who don't know,
 there's a new feature in Claude code called workflows where
 it'll spin up sub it. I mean, they've tried to implement this 20 different way.
 This is like
 their 20th iteration of this feature, but it'll automatically spin up like sub
 agents to do things
 when necessary. The issue is just when you do this in fable, it spins up like
 10 fable sub
 agents. And so now you're using like something that's already wildly expensive
 and just multiplying
 it by 10. So, you know, I wouldn't use fable on ultra code or use the workflow
 functionality with
 fable unless it's like truly a next level complicated thing you're trying to
 build.
 But I haven't found that necessary yet.
 All right, where did we leave off here? Let me see what I went over.
 So right now, there's different levels of automation.
 Right now, there is three human touch points in this process. As I get more
 comfortable and
 develop this out more, there will be more automation. I will take out the user
 touch points. So right
 now, there's three user touch points in this loop, the purple boxes. So raw
 idea, you go in
 in the morning, give a bunch of raw ideas. You approve the spec. This is
 probably the next
 manual part I'll take out and just make it automated. So after all the specs
 are made,
 you go in and you hit approve in the linear issue. This is just to make sure
 you like the way it's
 going to build things out. But so far, I've reviewed like six or seven
 different linear issues and
 they're all look fine to me. So to save time, I'm probably going to make this
 automated soon.
 And then actual merging. This is probably the last part I'm going to automate.
 You know, I want to I want to test and make sure it's good to go before it
 starts merging the
 production. I think that'd be crazy at this point to allow it to automatically
 merge to production.
 So this will probably always be human in the loop to like the last stamp of
 approval at the very
 end. Like, yep, good to go merge it. But the raw idea on I think there's a lot
 of ways this could
 get interesting. I'll give you some of my ideas. You got someone off mute Dante
.
 You're off mute Dante. There we go. The people get off mute. There's always
 something going on in
 the background. Like, no one ever gets off mute and just perfectly silent.
 Every time someone gets
 off mute, there's always 20 people in the background talking. It's funny how
 that always ends up
 happening. If you got questions, feel free. Feel free to, you know, go in the
 chat. Everything I'm
 muted randomly. Sorry. You're good, Dante. If you got questions where you you
 feel the urge where
 it has to be over the microphone, just say in the chat, Hey, can I ask you a
 question? And I'll call
 on you. We can do it that way. And then you can feel free to put any random
 questions you have in
 the chat to. I'll go through them. So interesting ideas of where this loop can
 go.
 You know, right now, I think the most manual part is this first step, right?
 You still got to come in
 and give ideas for what to build every morning. And so this still brings a huge
 amount of efficiency,
 but you're still coming in and giving raw ideas every morning. I think there
 are ways to automate
 this even further. Imagine. Here's like the next step. I think in this. Instead
 of you coming in and
 giving a bunch of ideas and having to creatively think about what to build next
, imagine a world
 where you just come in and you go on a slack and the agent just starts asking
 you questions.
 Very easy questions. What do you think about this? Have you used this? What are
 your concerns
 about this? What will you change with this? And you just, it just interviews
 you and you answer
 the interview questions. And then based on the interview questions, it comes up
 with a bunch of
 different features to build. I think that's probably even easier than having to
 sit there
 and come up with ideas at the first thing in the morning and giving you a list
 of ideas.
 So I think that's one way to make this even easier. Second way, taking this
 even to the next level,
 imagine a world where you upfront have the agent build out
 really in-depth PRDs on your entire project. So really in-depth overview docs
 of your entire
 project and where you want it to go and the vision you have for it, right? So
 insanely detailed,
 this is the end state we want this project to be. Every feature, everything.
 Now imagine that just
 drives the development. So now you don't even have to answer questions in the
 morning. Now you
 don't have to give it commands. It just every morning looks at where your app
 is, looks at where
 your vision doc is and then figures out how to close that gap every day. I
 think that's even the
 next level past this. And what's really cool is, is like, I don't believe 99.99
% of people are doing
 this. Anything remotely close to this. I don't think 99% people are like using
 cloud
 period, like effectively, cloud code. So if you're already building things with
 cloud code,
 you're already ahead. But now you take it a step further and build out
 something like this.
 Now you're above the 99.99%. And so this is Greenfield. This is just what I've
 built so far based on
 experimentation and playing around. I'll show you my Slack to just some of the
 things that happen in Slack.
 Let me share my screen here. Window Slack. So like for instance, there's a
 linear block channel.
 So if linear ever gets blocked, if the builder's ever going and it's looping
 and gets blocked by
 something, maybe it's easy to sign up for a site, get an API key, whatever. It
 messages me in this
 linear block channel and says, Hey, this has been blocked. What do you want to
 do? Option A or
 Option B. And then I just reply, go with Option A or Option B. And then it
 checks it off, says,
 Okay, unblocked. And then it gets back to work. So this is all automated. Right
? This is how you
 can get creative with this stuff. What systems can you get creative with? Right
? I'm with my next
 steps I want to implement today is a testing channel where I just come into the
 end of the day as a
 list of all the things that built out. And I click on each preview link, make
 sure it works, validate,
 hit checkbox, boom, it merges and ships. Right? There's so many interesting
 little systems you
 can build up with this to increase your efficiency. And you build this out, man
, this like, this just
 this 100 acts as your efficiency and everything else you do. So it's worth the
 upfront investment
 of building this out the right way. Like you build this out the right way up
 front,
 everything you and your team does moving forward is just 1000 times more
 efficient.
 I mean, there's even further things you can do from there. Right? Next, you
 build out a dashboard
 front end shows your whole loop. What linear issues are in build, what linear
 issues are in review,
 what linear issues are in the back queue. Then maybe there's a cute little
 animation and little
 robots walking around doing things, right? That's the next level on top of all
 of this. And now
 that's a publicly available not publicly available, but it's on the web and you
 can share it with
 your teammates and your teammates can all at any time go on their phone, but oh
, this is what our
 software factory is building and doing, right? Like this just opens up a whole
 can of worms.
 And this is something people have been talking about a long time. Like this isn
't like some new
 concept I invented, but I've been trying to do it for a while and I don't think
 the intelligence
 was there to get it done. To be honest with you, I think fable five is the
 first time the
 intelligence is there. And again, I understand, you know, having a $200 a month
 open AI plan,
 a $200 month cloud plan is not as tough. So if you're on Chad GPT only and not
 Claude,
 you decide open AI was the way to go. You don't like Claude's business
 practices,
 whatever. I think you can do as a Chad GPT five five, you can give it a go.
 There might be unreliable
 points. You work through it and you figured out in your bit, you build it
 around it, you fix it.
 But fable five, I think was a major unlock that that kind of pushes all this
 stuff forward.
 So again, to kind of recap, let me just show you again. This is all built
 around the tools and
 the skills, right? The tools being Claude code, linear slack, the skills being
 spec build review
 and slash loop, which is the skill for Claude. But then I think in
 Chad GPT, it's like a slash orchestrator or something, something like that.
 And you figure out what's right for your team. You figure out what's right for
 your team.
 Build it your way, customize any part of this you want. And all I did was hey,
 build a HTML file
 that explains our loop system and then build this chart. Built it really easy.
 And you can just
 share that HTML file around to all your teammates and they can look at it and
 see how the loop works.
 And you keep a record of that, right? You keep a record of it. You update it
 when you change
 your system. I think you play around with this every time you play around that
 you'll be changing
 and tinkering little things until eventually just optimize they can get. I also
 side note,
 if you're looking for ways to make money, like I think this is like a multi-
billion dollar business
 opportunity to be quite honest with you. You become a consultant, go to S&P 500
, come and say,
 hey, I'll implement a development loop that'll a thousand extra efficiency.
 They'll probably pay
 a couple million dollars. You productize this somehow where someone can just
 sign up on a website
 and all of a sudden they have a loop set up on their computer. It's a multi-
million dollar
 application. Every AI advancement that comes out, you want to think about
 like, how can I build businesses around the infrastructure? How can I build
 businesses that
 help other people take advantage of this stuff? With that being said, where's
 my mouse? All right,
 here it is. I have a workflow as the brain muscle where fable orchestrates and
 reviews and codecs
 5.5 does the coding. That's a good move. That's a smart move, Wesley. That's a
 way around it,
 right? If you can get your system set up where fables doing the high level
 orchestration and
 using cheaper models to do stuff, certainly do it that way. I'm sure it's not
 that difficult to do
 it all. Just go to your mouse and say, "Hey, this is what I want you to do,"
 and then I'll figure out how
 to do it. When are you going to talk about the next 29-point comeback last
 night? Is OpenAI
 the Spurs and Claude the Knicks with fable 5? I mean, as a Boston fan, it's
 heartbreaking.
 It's heartbreaking to see New York fans happy. It's heartbreaking that they
 took the title from us
 for the largest comeback in finals history, so that sucks.
 Yeah, I'm not happy about it. Spurs in seven.
 I want to see one more fucking celebrity smiling on a sideline after watching
 their first basketball
 game in 12 years. My ultimate goal, a max headroom animated assistant.
 Yeah, I think there's so many cool ways. Like, once you build out your loop
 system,
 I think there's so many cool ways to make it fun and build out animations and
 dashboards
 that show everything going on. I think there's a lot of cool things you can do
 around that.
 Have you tried one-shotting something ambitious with ultra-code?
 I mean, I've made major changes to Henry that were full-stack database, front-
end,
 multiple third-party tools that were involved that were all one-shot changed by
 fable. I mean,
 I haven't been able to give it a challenge. It hasn't been able to handle yet.
 When they made the recommendations, hey, you have to be ambitious with this
 model. They weren't lying.
 You've been touching on this throughout, but what are some key things you've
 learned working
 with a partner versus on your own? My bro-in-law and I started a building a
 business together,
 and I'm interested in insights on that aspect. Yeah, I've had some growing
 pains to be honest
 with you because I've been independent for a long time, and I've gotten used to
 many things.
 I've kind of grown my team for the first time ever over the last month, and it
's been interesting.
 I've tried very, very hard to be solo this entire time, and while I do believe
 AI makes
 it easier to be solo, I think at some point it's just smarter to hire people to
 do things.
 I have a newsletter with 40,000 subs. I haven't sent a newsletter in two months
 on it.
 I just have so much things going on. It's just like one of those things where I
 just can't sit
 down for two hours a week and write a newsletter. So I hired a team to help me
 with that, to help
 keep me on track, help come up with ideas, research, things like that, and then
 I'm working with
 Allison, who's the community manager here, and then I have a solo partner I'm
 working with on Henry.
 So it's helped to make a lot of things easier, but it's just like something, it
 is a challenge,
 like you have to make sure you water all your plants, right? You have to make
 sure
 you're making everyone knows what they're doing, what the goal is, what the
 focus is, and that's
 something new, that's something new. So, you know, it's been helpful having the
 partner I have
 work with me on Henry is my former boss actually at my last job. I enjoyed
 working with him so much
 I asked him to join Henry and help me out. So we had chemistry and trust going
 into it,
 but it's like it's certainly a change of pace working with people when you've
 after you've been
 working by yourself, you're going to need to learn like we had some growing
 pain around like
 me, I work 24/7, 365, I work from the moment I wake up to the moment I go to
 sleep seven days
 a week, he doesn't, he has a kid, which is like that's not the expectation for
 people to work 24/7,
 but like I'd give him a big task because that's what he wants, he wants to work
 on big things,
 and then it's like Sunday night and I want to work, but he has this big
 blocking task and he's not
 working Sunday night because he's got a family and so like I'd be like on
 Sunday night, which is
 for the record time, most people do not work, they do not work Sunday nights,
 for me I work Sunday
 night, so I text and I hit him up like yo I want to work on this thing but your
 shit's blocking it
 and he'd get a little upset at me, understandably so looking back and like it's
 not like I was even
 like pressuring him to work on a Sunday night, I just wanted to know like where
 things were at,
 so what I mean by that, the whole point of the story is like when you start
 working with other
 people after being solo, you're just, you're probably going to step on each
 other's toes until
 you figure out what are the guardrails, okay he doesn't want me bothering him
 about work on Sunday
 nights, okay if I give him a big blocking task this is what's going to be the
 expectations around
 this and that, you know what I'm saying big dog, is him going to have all this
 built in, this out
 of the box would be awesome, make it plug and play stupid easy, I mean this is
 kind of the concept
 around Henry intelligent machines is it's a loop, it's a business loop, it's a
 loop that builds
 you businesses so yeah, I mean Henry intelligent machine isn't like an open
 claw or Hermes or a
 clawed code, like it's not a replacement for all these things I'm showing you,
 Henry intelligent
 machines and AI agent that builds you businesses that finds challenges online,
 you're uniquely
 positioned to solve and then builds businesses around it, are you using fable
 five in Hermes,
 CLI or clawed desktop, I'm using fable five in the clawed desktop app, I do not
 use fable five in
 Hermes or open claw, I use opus in Hermes, I don't think there's any need to
 use fable
 in Hermes or I just, I think you'd hit your limits so fast and be paying
 outrageous amounts of money
 with the amount of tokens Hermes and open claw uses, so opus is great for that,
 put a sign in
 gave to public URL, I have a comment questions as Spencer, Spencer the floor is
 yours jump on in
 buddy, I'm gonna take a bite of my food while you do that, that's been sitting
 here, can you hear me
 okay, yes sir, so fable five I've been using it for the last two days, it's
 changed my life so
 much I'm driving but I'm gonna try and show you here got the new polo because f
able five is is
 fire, got the red polo on, that's what I'm talking about and you got the fire
 glasses on dude,
 you are fable five embodied, I'm driving my daughter a softball so I gotta take
 the camera off but
 I just want to say a couple quick things and maybe a trick that maybe some
 folks in here can use
 with fable five, I feel like our workflows are very similar to what you were
 sharing, I have
 Hermes agents that are writing review packets or task packets I call them which
 are kind of
 the requirements document the PRD I think you call them or something like that
 and then I have CCD
 reviewing them it's this whole huge workflow and I feel exactly like you did
 like there was always
 some issue with like the t-mux pain or some kind of a reason why the dispatch
 didn't go it was like
 it would be autonomous for like the authoring of the packets and reviewing them
 but then
 dispatching to an executor or coder would always get hung up on some issue or
 another
 and it just felt like I would get so close to having an automated workflow but
 for whatever
 reason I don't know if the model or me or somebody wasn't intelligent enough to
 pull it off
 and I handed all that crap off to fable yesterday and I said look I've been
 struggling with this
 autonomous factory for a while and we've been close and I've seen pieces of it
 working and it just
 like for four hours straight just went through my linear it looked at all the
 tickets having to do
 with it it saw a bunch of issues a bunch of bugs it was just fixing things I
 mean I saw it firing
 for like three or four hours straight fixing things left and right and now we
're like 90%
 there we have one more hurdle to get over so so that was really cool because I
'm really confident
 I'm gonna have this auto autonomous factory going here pretty soon but the
 trick that I learned too
 is when I ideate with codecs and with and with cloud they'll create a ton of
 issues because we come
 up with ideas and they'll create like you said five or six seven issues and
 then I'll be focusing
 on something else because I'll be orchestrating a bunch of agents at once and
 then I lose sight
 of those issues even though it's part of the product that I'm trying to deliver
 and then I'll go back
 and I'll be like oh shoot we got to you know we got to do those too but then it
 takes me in the loop
 so then it takes time so what I did was I took a screenshot of a project and it
 had like 30 issues
 in the backlog and I just asked fable five I said hey can you review these 30
 issues
 let me based on what you know about the product because it's been in there and
 it's seen my whole
 repo and everything I said let me know which ones are stale let me know which
 ones need a little
 nudge let me know which ones maybe we got all the way to pr and it never merged
 for whatever
 reason because I lost sight of it or I got focused on something else it went
 through in like 20
 minutes did an audit and then it fired off a bunch of work to be done it closed
 a bunch of a mouth
 that were superseded I mean this that was all off a screenshot I mean this
 thing is so freaking
 powerful and makes me so more efficient than I was two days ago I just I'm so
 excited and that's
 why I'm wearing the red polo I just wanted to share that with the Alex no I
 appreciate you sharing
 that uh first of all you're feeling how people should be feeling people should
 be excited about
 this I get people that angry at me on social media from getting like super
 excited and happy about
 all this stuff we're we're literally witnessing the most powerful technology in
 the history of
 our species should be excited that's insane we're living through the birth of
 it right so that's one
 two I like the way you approach your loop where like this isn't going to be
 flawless you're
 going to set this up and there's going to be issues this is a very complex
 system and
 like I think of it almost like a surgeon where as you build these things with
 AI these systems
 like there's going to be issues you just think of it like a surgeon we're like
 okay what's broken
 is the bone broken is the thing lacerated okay how do we fix that one thing
 what is the core of the
 issue we're facing and how do we fix that thing and the AI can do that so if
 you set up a loop and
 it's like the codes bad or it's not putting it on the right branch or it's you
 know the the merges
 are breaking you take a step back you go to your AI and you say hey this is
 breaking this is the
 issue this is the error what's the issue and how do we fix it and then it goes
 and then every time
 you fix one of those things the system gets better and simpler and more
 efficient and you just keep
 doing that over and over and over until it works right a lot of people when
 they run into these
 issues when they're building the loops or building any sort of complex system
 they run into an
 issue and they roll over and die some most people I talked about this in uh the
 clawed code bootcamp
 for those who took it still recommend everyone take it it's actually like the
 first modular thing
 I talked about mindset the critical mindset with AI if you're going to be
 successful is you can't
 just roll over and die when you run into challenges and issues so many people
 in the and this is a
 vast majority of the world operates like this in some ways my partner building
 this out like at
 first he operated this way where it's like you run into an issue and your gut
 initial reaction when
 you run into an issue is running to someone else asking someone else giving up
 but with AI it's never been easier to just figure it the f out I'm trying to
 curse less
 it's never been easier to figure it the f out right autodidactic that's like
 the most important
 quality a person can have right now with ais the ability to be autodidactic the
 ability to figure
 it out yourself with AI it's so easy to just figure it out yourself anytime you
're running a challenge
 just setting this up anytime you run the issues anytime you can't think of a
 way to do something
 anytime it's challenged to be creative just go to the AI and say hey how do we
 do this what's the
 best way to approach this how do we fix this I promise you'll be able to figure
 it out you don't
 need to lean on other people anymore thank you Spencer no problem buddy
 drive safe if you crash while asking me a question i'll never be able to
 forgive myself
 do not crash while asking me questions that's why i took the camera off i had
 it just constantly
 in my words i couldn't couldn't worry about whether i was in the frame or not
 all right good
 good i used ultra code to go over my whole system all my software got upgrades
 because
 it what if you want to use loops for non-coding related projects for example
 surfacing
 info through tons of i mean yeah hundred percent there's a lot of opportunities
 around loops for
 that stuff too surfacing data like that's a good idea for using loops with
 local models right
 that's what i do every 20 minutes quen three six on my dgx spark searches the
 web for a specific
 type of data you can set those loops up too do you have a class on setting up
 linear i got good
 news for you david you are a part of a community that has a class on setting up
 linear if you go
 here and then go let me i won't beg post about this anymore let me show you
 exactly
 which course it is i'll screen share it so everyone can see it let's go
 classroom let me
 share my screen share everyone's got to take this if you're into the loops
 which you're now an hour
 into this loop conversation you got to be able to use linear here we go this is
 in
 yeah here we go ai workflows so go to ai workflows in classroom right so you
 got a classroom at the
 top ai workflows about a bing about a boom you click introduction linear linear
 advanced linear
 integration of a cloud code linear and open cloud boom boom boom boom boom
 awesome everyone should take it yep course
 and that did that replace is a kabon the the one on uh on hermies their their
 flow system
 no so i think what is it the official pronunciate i got a thousand comments
 every youtube it's
 kanban it's kanban i don't care uh i think the official pronunciations kanban i
 say kanban
 don't care uh does not replace hermies kanban um here's the way i like to think
 of it david
 linear i'm using that primarily for product development it's a product
 development tool
 that's what it is it's made for people building products so it's got a whole
 bunch of functionality around building products and tracking tasks and owners
 and things like that
 right uh hermies kanban it's more for managing your employee that does stuff
 across your computer
 building presentations moving files around checking on things for you that's
 more general
 employee works i still use both i still use both
 when do you use loops versus goals a goal i set last night for a major feature
 in for 10 hours
 on fable two hours downtime for usage so i'm it's holy crap
 i mean i would use goals if i was manually vibe coding like i was telling hey
 do this then do
 this then do this kind of the phase two of vibe coding phase three which is the
 looping i don't
 think you really need slash goal you need slash loop loops it over and over and
 over again
 um but because the tasks are being broken down in a small issues in linear you
 don't need a huge
 massive slash goal do you mind me asking what percentage breakdown you have you
 brought a lot
 to the table i'm thinking about partnering someone but i'm deep in the project
 and have sales
 relationships i'm assuming shawn san hose that you mean like how did i split
 like the equity
 with the partner i mean there's there's a lot of factors involved shawn um like
 if you come up
 if you come up with an idea together and then you start building it together
 then you probably
 want to split it 50/50 for me i came up with the idea i built out the entire
 prototype i got
 9 000 people on the wait list and then i went to my former boss and said hey
 you want to help me
 build this thing and you have the distribution i gave him and i had the
 distribution right and
 he's like also not working on it full time so that's my split is yeah 99.25 and
 99.75 and .25 that's
 the split between us yeah my concern like with that setup like you said with
 the blockers
 right because if you have something that needs to be done and he's only two and
 a half percent
 invested how willing maybe is he going to be to get certain things done
 i mean if you believe in the project and you have any sort of equity
 and you're like oh i just i have a blocker but i don't really care
 then you're not a good partner like are you are you in your out right don't don
't accept terms and
 then be like yeah i got this thing but i don't really care like that's not how
 it's not a good
 partner you know i'm saying big dog i mean there's just there's a lot of nuance
 to all this
 that i it's just hard for me to go all over on a single call between our
 relationship and how
 we work together and all that so it's not as simple as everything i just said
 no but obviously
 you want them invested you gave things to think about right and you want them
 invested
 and so i was thinking of partnering with somebody my concern is like you i'm
 working on sundays and
 you know if they have a family so those are all things that take into account
 when you negotiate
 with them it's also there's also complexity around where i'm at where i've
 raised money i raised
 money before he came on i raised half a million dollars at a five point six
 million dollar evaluation
 and so me giving him a percent in the company is actually a hefty amount of
 money i'm giving
 him right like that's not nothing if you haven't raised money and you have no
 evaluation you're
 giving them a percent of nothing right so it's it's easy to kind of throw
 around percentages so
 the equation also changed because i asked him to come on after i raised money
 makes sense there's a lot of complex i'd say this dude i'd ask like i gave you
 the best advice i
 could give you based on my situation you might want to go to fable and say hey
 i'm thinking about
 bringing this guy on i don't know if he's all the way in here's what i have
 like it depends on what
 do you have built out so far how much of the idea have you developed already
 how much did you
 contribute to the building the product and the development of the idea those
 are all things you
 got to uh take into account can i ask you question over mic fine-tuning yes g
ordon loyd you want to
 jump in here you do Tim Hortons is down so thanks for noticing um you you drink
 it all it's good you
 got it you got it all down the goal you get up to northern albert i'll buy you
 i'll buy you Tim Hortons
 next time in northern albert gordon i'm hitting you up okay to the Rockies it's
 worth worth a visit
 um i'll keep it short i'm just excited number one that i get to talk to you now
 because i've
 been watching you a while on all your shows and and seeing you on the moon shot
 was it was pretty
 cool um thank you i'm drinking from a fire hose when it comes to uh to learning
 software engineering
 so my application really is about i'm sales first like these ginsets behind me
 that's what i sell
 so all the data centers that are powering clot fable these are the the
 generators that i'm selling
 so i'm looking to build this automated sales agent and where i'm getting hung
 up and of course i
 know i can reverse prompt and with the loops i don't know if this is gonna if
 it's gonna fix it or not
 but the problem i'm having is that i get a prototype i say hey i want to dash a
 dashboard of
 mission control and i get something and i look at it and number one i don't
 know all the terminologies
 and the bands and the pop-up windows and how all those terms work and i've been
 iterating back and
 forth and saying hey i take screenshots and this i'm just curious because it
 seems like i've been
 spending a lot of time just tweaking the setup hey did this this horizontal
 scroll is not working
 this isn't working and all these issues that come up so i'm curious if there's
 an effective
 or an efficient way to get to something that's a lot more polished and usable
 without having
 to tweak all the little buttons and the things this isn't working the delay on
 this pop-up is all
 that stuff you know what i'm you know i'm saying i mean i can reiterate it and
 it's probably a mindset
 thing but ultimately i'm just trying to see if there's a little bit more of a
 way i can get to
 a polished product because i just want to mission control that i can
 effectively be using for my
 sales process that's the goal so appreciate you i mean i'm sure there's ways to
 automate this where
 you can use different plugins like playwright i think is one of them
 where you can have the agent itself click around and use the website and you
 can say hey
 loop through the website go through every possible path and make sure
 everything works well you know
 if it's not working well it's probably just a code issue so you can just say
 hey i want to focus on
 ui um
 polish go through all the code around ui and make sure everything's polished
 and works well
 right so there's ways to loop around it specifically for that
 you know i think at the end of the day you're going to want to test everything
 manually anyway
 you're going to want to go through and and so maybe you just as your testing
 man you just quickly
 note down in a notepad oh this was slow this popped out weird this button looks
 off you just take
 the notepad you give it to the agent and have it loop through all of them that
's probably the best
 way but i mean you're i think it's going to i don't know if we're at the point
 yet where you can
 eliminate all user testing um but you could probably make the development of
 the issues you
 find user testing pretty quick thanks of course thanks for the question
 um
 i got no family and it's almost 11 p.m. in the Netherlands and willing to go to
 1 a.m. wake up
 at 6 a.m. for my full-time job hire me it's funny Daryl
 i've been chatting to my agent um i've been chatting to my agent about
 connecting
 to able cloud code slack discord he's suggesting running a skill for spec build
 review trying to
 figure out yeah boom i mean i will uh i'll get the transcript of this video out
 there take the
 transcript give it to your agency hey find the part where he talks about a loop
 let's build out a
 similar system that's everyone's homework here
 i've heard from other c-suite peers that they have problems with some
 developers who stop and
 throw their hands up when they run out of token allowance for the day this is
 the wrong mindset
 and it is happening hundred percent do you recommend those linear workshops in
 addition your youtube
 videos on linear or is the ai workflows video um i think the videos we have in
 the community on
 linear are more are going to be more in depth so i went from a high level in
 youtube video i'd go
 to the more in depth route in the community that's usually how i do we're all
 covered things from a
 high level on youtube but then i go super in depth step by step in the
 community
 i use harmonies would be the best way to have fable improve my workloads
 um there's no ways i don't recommend using fable for harmonies i don't think it
's necessary i think
 hope i think opus is a sweet spot for harmonies
 goals have helped my cloud focus on improving my agent infrastructure do i need
 a partner
 sure would like one you don't need a partner i don't think you need one
 i want one because you know one of my moats is distribution right youtube
 twitter my newsletter also you know this community vibe code academy
 this is something very important to me this isn't um effort free put a lot of
 effort into this
 you know i want to make sure this community's valuable for everyone who joins
 and and uses it
 you're investing in me and i want to make sure i invest in you guys and make
 sure you get more
 value out of it than you're putting in and so uh you know i i think if your
 life is dedicated to
 building your project i don't think you need a partner for me i need to make
 youtube videos
 i'm making a lot of sacrifices right now i haven't done live streaming in like
 a month
 and my live stream was like the biggest ai live stream and i had to cut it out
 because
 this project's too big and important right so bringing on a partner is going to
 make those things
 easier i still have to make sacrifices though so it just depends it depends how
 much help you need
 to accomplish your goals i need a lot of help because i need to put out youtube
 videos and you
 tweet and you put newsletters i need to maintain the community i need to do
 live streams i need a
 fundraise things like that nuance hundred percent the negotiation on equity
 often tells you
 you're not with the right peeps it's important to help follow around 100
 percent question regarding
 agent building verse workflows we'll make this the last question don't tell you
 want to ask the
 last question here yeah thanks alex this might be a little bit of a higher one
 um but i i build
 agents for businesses um and the linear thing's really cool like from an
 engineering standpoint
 but given the fable drop um you know i wanted your take on as far as like when
 it comes to building
 a harness for a company um should i should i get away from hermies open claw
 and just just
 use like the clawed agent sdk um you know and then from there because because
 the hard part really
 memory building and wiring um so i'm you know just thinking about the future of
 like
 what i do um you know what's your take on like like harness building itself
 with fable or
 kind of that side what would the original intention behind building uh custom
 harness for the company
 um basically automating uh workflows but kind of taking the next level of a
 dashboard and creating
 like um replies for the ceo and slack for example um the answer in his voice so
 there's a lot of fine
 tuning of like the voice and taking a lot of his transcripts and things like
 that um and this is
 just one example but uh most of them use some kind of either slack or team's
 system um so it's an
 agent in that and um like i said the linear thing is cool it's just kind of
 more um you know engineer
 development focused um you know and fable just like has changed the the
 landscape when it comes to
 agentics so i'm just um you know if you were in my shoes um should i just go
 like all in on the sdk
 building um or you know should i should i mess with the third party harnesses
 this is literally like what's been plaguing me the past two days dude
 um
 is this are you building this for one are you building this as a business where
 you'll sell
 us to multiple companies or are you doing this for one specific business that's
 kind of the goal
 honestly i'd be lying if i said i didn't want to you know create a full-blown
 company out of
 this um right now i need case study and and proof and um you know my own taste
 development um but
 that being said i think when it comes to like a product that CEOs want they don
't really care um
 you know what i mean as far as what it's capable of what model is using um so
 that being said like
 some uh business owners don't you know i can see getting away with something
 like Hermes or
 open car i have been getting away with that um and then there's others where it
's it's just not
 as um you know detailed and structured for like enterprise big teams my concern
 with the clawed
 sdk is is you're locked into the clawed models and i'm not a fan of being
 locked into them i don't
 think there's a lot of price flexibility with them they're all even haiku i
 think for what it is is
 very expensive um and so i'm not a fan i'm not a fan of that kind of vendor
 locking
 same you know i think we're going to live in a future where a lot of companies
 will have their
 own ai infrastructure they'll have local models running they'll have gpu's
 running local models
 they'll have models they custom built themselves and i think they're going to
 want to tie that into
 whatever agents they're using and so that's why i've never built anything
 around the clawed sdk is
 that you just locked in forever to anthropic and i just uh i think it just it
 just chewed this the
 world moves too fast to be locked in the anthropic forever even though they've
 clearly over the last
 couple years have proven they're the dominant ai company um so you know i think
 to give you a
 highly specific answer i would just like need to know in detail what are the
 requirements of the
 agent you're building what are the guardrails like what are the what is all the
 purposes
 behind it privacy all that i think i have a tech background so a lot of that
 has been you know
 fleshed out and it is like new ones um but but to your point yeah it's just
 like it's just so
 hard to to get locked in i think it's hard with uh hermies and open claw to
 make it like enterprise
 ready because they're so open and you can do pretty much ending with them so i
 think there's
 probably a middle ground where you make an agent that's like has very specific
 nemo claw i'm going
 to be honest i'm not too educated on nemo claw andrew i know it's like built
 for enterprise i haven't
 used it too much so i don't know but yeah i think i think building custom
 solutions is probably the
 way to go cool thank you um if you dante make a post and tag me and put like
 more of the nuance
 in there then i can i can probably give you more specific answer like i put a
 post in like the
 community here's all the decision making factors and you tag me i could
 probably give you more
 nuanced answer sweet i got a jet i hope this was helpful i have the