just do questions right after instead of like breaking it up. I I just was on Greg Eisenberg's podcast where I went through a lot of these things. I'm going to go through here. good podcast. It always gets it always gets me a ton of new viewership when I do that. All right, let's do this. let's share the screen. Huh? I am getting messages out the wazoo. okay. Window Hermes.

Hope everyone's doing well. Let me take a sip of water. I got burrito.

What's that, Derek? I just said yes. I'm doing well. Good, good, good, good, good, Derek. It's good to hear. It's good to hear. All right, Hermes Boot Camp. I think a lot of people join the community because of Hermes. I get a lot of asks to do more Hermes stuff. So, here's a good one for you. Hermes desktop just released. I think it's the best experience for Hermes on the desktop experience. I no longer use Telegram on the desktop. Still want to use Telegram on mobile. There's no Hermes mobile app. still want to use it on mobile but for desktop this is as as good of experience as it gets. I will quickly go through why. First thing session management. No need anymore to do threading in Telegram because now you can do session management here where you can spin up new sessions for specific subjects. This is what I recommend everyone do. Download the Hermes desktop app. Make sessions for different topics. content, local AI, stock research, coding, right? I have different sessions for each. This helps save you money and give you better results because you're keeping the context organized, right? You're you're making it so you don't have a uni thread. I think most people have like a uni thread, one big thread. They just talk about everything in it. Better to split it out into sessions so that you can keep the context clean, which gets you better results. and also saves you money. So you're sending less context with every message. So the the session management is really really nice on the desktop app. Other things too, artifacts. So all your links, images, media, files, all organized now, which is really nice. The way I use this is I'll just dump links to my agent. I'll be on the go, send a link to my agent. Now I can come back here and they're all saved and organized.

Amit, was that you? Apologies. I'm muting myself. You're good. You're good. so links organized very, very well on here. So, you can just send links to your agent. They're organized. You can use them whenever. Images, any images you need are stored here. That's good. Skills and tools. If you go in here and look at your skills, you'll notice one thing. Almost all the skills are enabled. hundreds of skills enabled. This takes up context with every single message you send. Every message you send sends a list of all the skills you have enabled and says basically, hey, check to see if any of these skills are relevant for the message just sent. That takes context. That cost you money. That worsens your results. That slows things down. Now, with this desktop app, you can quickly go in, go to skills and tools, and turn off any skills you don't need. Boom. Here's a good one. Profiles down at the bottom here. Profiles. These are all your Hermes profiles. What are Hermes profiles? These are basically just your numerous AI agents. you were mentioned on Dave Blondon's podcast again. That's awesome. I'm talking to Dave Blondon Monday or Tuesday. Would love your latest thoughts on Hermes versus OpenClaw. Which would you recommend for what? All right, we'll go into that. Tony. I'll go through all these text questions at the end. Profiles. Profiles at the bottom. These are basically all your different AI agent or all your different Hermes agents. So, I have one called Quen. This is my Hermes agent built on Quen 36 on my DJX Spark. I have GPTM. This is my Hermes agent powered by ChatgBT55.

Then I have a bunch of other ones. Coder, librarian, Oracle, bunch of different ones.

This was typically very hard to organize and edit through Telegram. You'd basically need to spin up multiple chats, different chats for each one. Now they're organized very nicely. So depending on which Hermes agent you want to send a message to, you can just quickly click around and switch them and send them a message. Why would you want to have multiple profiles? Well, each profile has their own personality, skills, memories, context, sessions, right? So, if you have like for instance, Chad GBT55, that's where I do most of my coding. So, I switch to GPT means whenever I have coding tasks I want to do, has its own coding skills, has its own coding memories, all of that. Quen, that's mostly for online scraping and research. has its own scraping and research skills. Keeps it separate because if they if you had an all-in-one agent, allin-one profile, all those skills, it's a lot of context with every message. Cost you a lot of money, slows it down. That's why you want separate profiles. What's the difference between a profile and a sub agent? Glad you asked. Hypothetical you. Difference between the two. Sub agents are copies of the main agent. So say I say, Hermes, go build me this app. It'll spin up multiple sub aents to build every feature in that app. It's just spinning up multiple copies of the main agent, all the same skills, memories, context, everything. That's fine if you're having them do one task that requires the same skills, coding skills, whatever. But say you want to do something like film a YouTube video. So you need to do research for the video, script the video, generate a thumbnail for the video, generate tweets for the video. So you might have an agent that has research skills. You might have an agent that has writing skills, an agent that has image generation skills. Those would be separate profiles because those are separate skills. You don't want all those skills on one agent because that's a ton of context sent with every message. So the profiles are the way to go there.

That's the difference between profiles and sub aents. Cron jobs. Cron job UI built in. Very nice UI. You click cron right here. Boom. All your cron jobs are shown. This is very good because a big complaint I get all the time is hey I tell it to do this. I tell it to schedule this cron job. I tell it to schedule that cron job. But it doesn't actually do it. Well, now you can confirm it does it because you have your UI around your cron jobs, right? You can go in, boom, all your cron jobs. You want to schedule a cron job, you want to make sure something happens every time at the same time every day, go in manually create your crown job. You can have 100% certainty your crown job will be created. People go, "Hey, Alex, how do I make my Hermes more proactive? I want to make it do this thing every morning, this thing every night." I tell it to do the things and it doesn't happen. Is there a potential for him to step on your open claw? What's that? Is there a potential for him to step on your open claw? No. Two separate workspaces, agents, files, everything.

Schedule your crown job. Do it there. You're good to go. Now with 100% certainty the crown job's going to happen.

That's cron jobs. Good cron job UI. anything else I wanted to cover here? Let's cover

use cases. Huh? Let's do some use cases. I'll give you a cool demo. Let's do some cool demos. let me give you the use case I've been working on. I have 10 trillion tabs open. So, I need to find the appropriate window with the appropriate tabs. Here we go. We're going to stop this screen. Oh, actually, let's just set it up this way. I think this is especially important if you have a Mac Studio or DGX Spark local models running. I think a lot of people in here ran out and bought hardware, which is good. Then some people are like, "Hey, just spent $40,000 on hardware. What the hell do I do with it?" I go, "Hey, Maybe you should have thought about that before you spent $40,000, but that's fine. I'll give you some use cases right here. Sell it to me, says Gigi Laaporei. GG La Leapori, I'm about to sell you. Ready? I'm about to sell you this pen. GG. Okay. When you use local and this is a this is relevant to everyone. So, even if you don't have local models or hardware, this it'll get relevant. I promise. The advantage to local models, are they the smartest models? No. They the fastest models? No. But you can run them all day, every day, 24/7, 365, at zero cost other than the cost of the power going into your computer. That's an advantage that allows you to do things you couldn't do before. There's things you can do 247 now that you weren't able to do with Cloud Miles because it cost you thousands of dollars a month. What are those things? You ask me, Alex. What are those things? Let me show you. I have my local mod. I'll tell you how to do this even with no local models in a second. I have this opportunity feed. This is all ran by Quen 3627B on my DJX Spark. Every 20 minutes it's going and reading Reddit and Twitter for AI related content and it's finding challenges people have. It's finding problems and questions people are asking on these sites. So, signal some person said, "I wish there was a tool that just handled the whole process in one place and didn't make me pay like an enterprise creator match AI influencer discovery and outreach for small brands." Right? It found this problem and then created a business idea around it and showed me why I was uniquely positioned to solve that problem.

And now it's scraping every 20 minutes Reddit and Twitter for these different challenges people are having. And in some of them it's even going, "Hey, this is actually a pretty good idea. Here's a prototype." Boom. Prototype built to solve that challenge. It's autonomously going and building the tools that solve the challenges people are talking about on Reddit and Twitter. If you want to be a soloreneur, if you want to be an entrepreneur, if you want to be someone who makes money online, which I assume a lot of you do,

the best most most ethical way to do that is solving other people's challenges. Well, the first step in solving other people's challenges is finding the challenges. Now, with AI, that's the perfect way to find challenges. Now, with local AI, that's an even better way to find challenges because you can autonomously do it 24/7, 365 like I got right here.

Then maybe you go, okay, I like this. I like the prototype it built. I'm going to productize this. You go, you take it, you make it a real product. You launch it, make maybe make a couple buckaroonies, right? So, this is a use case for you local people. For you non-local people, you can still do this. You know, maybe instead of doing it every 20 minutes, you do it once a day. Maybe make it a little bit of a bigger job, but you have your agent Chad GBT cloud model claude opus go and do this exact same thing. And you need an API for that, right? If you're using cloud models. Yeah. No, for for to scrape Reddit or Twitter. not necessarily. I mean, I don't I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't know. I just said, "Hermes, do this for me." And then it figured it out on its own. So it just like it could be maybe it figured it out though. Now just out of curiosity when it says creator match or signal finder is that the concept you've come up with based on a problem people had. Yeah. Well, not that I came up with, my agent came up with. Right. So your prompt was scrape Reddit, find pain points, and help me find a solution. Something to that effect. Yes. Got it. That's close enough. I get the gist. Bingo. Bingo. That's it. You nailed it. Right. This is

This is This is the advantage to local models. This is the advantage to Hermes. This is the advantage to AI agents, personal AI agents. It knows everything about me. So, I didn't have to say, "By the way, I have a Twitter. I have YouTube. I have this. I have that." It just knew I had an audience of whatever and so it knew my strengths and found me challenges based on those strengths.

So there's a little use case for you. Hermes desktop, I think it's fantastic. Go and download it. It's free. I think it's a much better experience. Let's check out the chat. Let's check it out. let me take a sip of water.

Would love your latest thoughts on Hermes versus OpenClaw. Which would you recommend for that? I now lean Hermes overclaw. The reason being several. I think the Hermes team is much more focused than the Open Claw team. I think that the releases Hermes does is less often but more focused and efficient and reliable and productive.

You can upgrade Hermes and know for a fact it's not going to be broken. I just think they have a better vision in mind for what they're building. From an a pure execution perspective, they're basically the same. But now with this desktop app, I think it's a better user experience with Hermes.

So that's where I currently stand. And listen, it's it's also very easy to fall into the tribalism and be like, "Oh, Hermes is better. I'm going to install OpenClaw and go." No. Listen, if you got a good workflow with OpenClaw, if you're vibing with OpenClaw, if you're getting good things out of OpenClaw, there's no need to switch. Maybe you dabble, maybe install Hermes, maybe you give it a prompt here and there, see what it does, maybe you fall in love, maybe you don't fall in love, and you stick with your open claw. It doesn't need to be either or. You can use them together. It's not a competition. It's not a competition. But I like the direction the Hermes team's going in. I like that direction. Can you connect Hermes desktop to a Hermes already running somewhere else? Yeah, it it whatever computer you have Hermes already installed on, just install Hermes desktop on there. Autoconnects to all of them automatically. different profiles for different main tasks or different models question.

I think there's like there's this trend. I don't think there's one best answer. One more sip of water. I've been talking a lot today. Big talk day. 

there's just there's there's multiple frameworks people work in and I've tried them all. One of those frameworks is like they give their agents like different roles, right? So they'll make like a product manager agent and then they'll make a graphic designer agent, then they'll make a CTO, then a CEO, then a developer agent, right? They think of it in the same vein as like a business. It's basically the paperclip model, right? The paperclip model. You open up paperclipip and then you create your business and there's like 50 different agents and they all have different Right. I've dabbled with it. I believed in it at certain points. I think after

experimenting a hundred different ways, I think I've settled on that not being the best way to operate for many different reasons. I think it's inefficient. Like these agents are much smarter and better than human beings at stuff. So why would we force them into a human paradigm like CEO, CTO, developer, product manager, intern

that's like the inefficiencies of human beings. Human beings are only good at like one thing you have your role. You study college for four years to learn the thing and that's your role. AI knows everything. It just knows everything. It's general, right? And so I think I've settled on agents for every model because every model has different strengths and weaknesses. And so that's why I have a Chad GBT Hermes, an Opus Hermes, a Quen running locally Hermes. I think that's where I settled. I think I like that more. And you just know which agent's better at which, which model's better at which, and you give it to the right models,

which ones are more costefficient, which ones are faster, smarter, slower, better at images, better at photos, better at videos. Right? So, right now, my current workflow, and I and listen, I reserve the right to change my mind at any given moment, but right now, yes, you do. I earn that right. I can change my mind. you're I like this. You're like the producer to my podcast. You're like coming in offcreen. Yeah. Damn straight. You're like the whatever the producer guy in the Joe Rogan podcast who pipes in every once in a while. that's where I've settled. But again, find what's best for you. That's just what I I like. I I I tried paperclip and I liked paperclip for like 10 minutes, but I just is just it was cool to look at, but I don't think it's the most efficient way to use AI. Do you set up a model for each profile? And how do you do that? yes. How do you do that? The same way you do pretty much anything with AI, which is you ask your AI to do it. You can go to your Hermes agent and say, "Hey, I want a new profile." What's up, Amit? Shout out to your friend. How you doing, dude? Good to see you. I hope you're enjoying the show. Little free trial for you of the the community. Sign up. vibecodeacademy.dev. Oh, you can't hear you, but I'll let them know everything I just said. Tell them give them my exact sales pitch I just gave you. where was I? Do you Oh, you go to your agent and you say, "Hey, I want to set up a new Hermes profile running on GPT55." And you hit enter. Then it does it. Boom. How nice is that? actually, look, look at this. Check this out. Huh? Let's answer your question. Plus sign, new profile. Boom. Give it a name. Give it a soul. I also I don't see a menu for model, but I guess I would imagine once you create it, you can just go down here and click this button for the model and change it to whatever model you want. Look at all these models. More models than a Victoria Secret Runway show right here. Huh? Look at that. Boom.

I haven't even heard of half these models. The hell is a Mimo25? What the hell is a high three? Set it to your heart's content. Local model. Would it populate there? Let's see. Doubt it. But let's see. Search models. Quen. Nope. But if you wanted it to do that, like my Quen profiles is powered by my local model, just say, "Hey, I want you to be powered by my local model." And then it'll just do it.

All right. Let's see. How are you setting up memory for multiple agent teams? I set up shared canonical memory for all agents but haven't implemented yet. How are you setting up memory for multiple agent teams? I set up shared canonical for all agents and haven't imple for shared memory amongst multiple agents. Justin Crosby, it's a good name. It's a strong name. Justin Crosby. That's like a That feels like a leading actor name in like a good romcom. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I think it was from a soap opera my mom watched. Really? Yeah. Named after soap opera. That's strong. That's good. But yeah, I have multiple agents and I thought it would be best to set up one shared memory. That way they were all up to date all the time except for my orchestrator or whatever. or they would have their own memory as well. Just wondering what other people are doing. I use Obsidian. So in Obsidian I have a shared memory directory and in that directory is like different files for memories and I have my agents check that shared memory when relevant and then edit it when relevant if there needs to be memories that need to be shared across multiple agents. So, they all have their own memory and a shared memory layer. Correct. If I recall correctly, I think I have a video on this inside the classroom somewhere. I think if you click around, you might be able to find it. Okay, cool. Cool. Good question. Do you have one master to rule all the different profiles? 

no. I there's some things where I'll say, "Hey, talk to the other agent for this or talk to the other agent for that." But I if I'm going to do the orchestrator to the brain muscle model, as I like to call it, I find that having the muscles being other agents doesn't make much sense. and adds unnecessary bloat in context when in reality the muscles in the brain muscle should just be model calls. And what I mean by that is like if I wanted my Hermes agent powered by Opus to go use codec cli because I get a lot of usage out of codecs. I'm not going to say hey talk to my Hermes agent powered by codeex to build it. I'm gonna say, "Hey, just spin up the codec CLI and build it." Because I'm saving money on the tokens and context because if it calls the other Hermes agent, that's a whole set of skills, memories, contexts that are being sent with the message. But if I have it just call CLI, there's no additional bloat there. It's just using the codec cli. So, it's more efficient just to use other models as the muscles rather than other agents as the muscles.

Hope that makes sense. Gordon Lloyd, do you pay for Twitterxi?

Brother, no one on planet Earth has paid more money for the XAPI than me. You were looking at the number one spender on XAPI on planet Earth. I've probably spent $100,000 on the XAPI over the last couple years. Little known fact, to use the X API last year, you had to pay $5,000 a month. If you were like doing anything of like value if you were making anything more than like three API calls a month, you had to spend $5,000 a month. And Creator Buddy is completely powered by the X API. I took a massive gamble when I launched Creator Buddy because I had zero dollars in revenue, but I signed up for a $5,000 API a month. that was a big gamble. Luckily, it paid off. just recently, they changed it to pay peruse. So, yes, I pay for it. Luckily, it's not $5,000 a month anymore. Now, it's only like, couple cents a call. But, yeah, I pay for it. Can you show us how do you set up a local model? How did you prompt your agent to create the apps for the signal? Says David Fornier.

Not related to Evan Fornier, former Celtics and Nicks bust. it's pretty simple. I'm going to be honest with you. I went to my Hermes agent and I said, "Hey, there's a DGX Spark on the Tail Scale network. Please go into it and spin up, download and spin up Quen 37, whatever one you think is appropriate for your that hardware and make it available to be used by a Hermes agent." And I hit enter on my keyboard. And because the DGX Spark is on my tail scale network, it literally went over to the DGX Spark, looked at the hardware, downloaded the appropriate model, spun it up, ran it, connected it to my Hermes agent on my computer, boom, it's good to go.

And then to create the signal, I just said, "Hey, use the DJX Spark model and do this with it and and find signals online." And it did it.

How's that sound, David? Sounds good. I'm sure it's not as easy as you said, but I'll try. David, as easy as I said it. Just hit rewind. Easy as I said. Exactly. What was that, Derek?

Just on the on the video playback when you're done. it. I promise you it is as easy as I said it. I guarantee it. I'll send you 100 I'll send you 100 bucks, David, if it is not that easy. Are all your devices on tail scale, David? No, I've just started to try and set that up and I haven't gotten I'm not I am not What devices you have? I have a Mac Mini. I don't know all the specs on it. I used I used chat to ask what the best setup is. So, it's a Mac Mini with a pretty decent size set of memory like 3000. What? so is that where you're planning to run the local models on your Mac Mini? Yes. I'm going to be honest, you're probably not going to have any great model to run on it. Okay. Mac Minis, even if you have a lot of memory, the chip's just not a great chip in there to run local models. So, it might struggle a bit, but still worth experimenting with. And like if you go to your Hermes, are you running the Hermes agent on the actual Mac Mini itself, or is the Mac Mini like another device on your network? No, I'm running everything on the Mac Mini. Okay, then no need for tail scale. You can just say, "Hey buddy, you're on a Mac Mini. Figure out a local model we can put on this this sucker." Okay,

sound good. Sounds good. Linda Cunningham, what are the minimum studio specs to run a good local agent? I would say if you want a good good one, one that can actually cook and do cool things, I'd say probably 128 gigabytes, maybe even maybe smaller, 96, small, maybe, probably at least 4050, but like DJX Spark, Mac Studio with like 96 or so. You can run as long as you can run Quen 37 with 27B, you'll be able to do some interesting things.

Tony, can you also go through different model size that you recommended for painpoint searching Reddit and scraping so I know which of the device I could use or get? I have three base Mac minis and one MacBook with 128 gigabyte RAM. It's a good MacBook. yeah, 27B, which I think takes up 27 gigabytes or something of memory. Should be able to run on that MacBook. I'm going to assume you have the the new M5, Tony. If you have the new M5, you should be able to do it actually with Glorious, Tony. Then you can do it. You can run the same model I just showed off here on it.

was that your question? Can you also go through different Yeah, 20 27B the 27 to like 35B range is like a sweet spot for like efficiency, speed, and intelligence. You can go bigger and be more intelligent, but your speed will slow down a good amount. So, I find the 27B 35B range to be good range water. Awesome. Thanks for answering, bro. Mhm. Is this the correct link? Says Derek. Yes. Isn't Hermes profiles not the same as paperclip? I don't know. I know what you mean by that. If you combine them, it's rather like doing the CFO but not having to reload an agent and spend the tokens. You get the specific context expertise. That's what I'm going for. Well, profiles and Hermes agents are just Hermes agents. They're just separate Hermes agents. And then if you're using paperclip, those are all different agents as well with their own memory, skills, context, all of that. So they are I mean it's the same thing like they're different things. Hermes and paperclip are different things. Agreed. But from a use case, I guess I was thinking for those who want to do that mockup of a org, they can actually just use your strategy here and not have and use it more natively to to the Hermes harness. That's all. Yeah, I just don't think the paperclipip orchestrator is like the most efficient way. I think it looks nice and is cool to look at. I I don't think it's as the efficient way to orchestrate large amounts of models. I think just switching between different profiles and giving different prompts is more efficient to be honest. Cool. 

you say different Hermes, do you mean profiles? I mean different profiles are different Hermes. Power to the people says Spencer. Was it power to the players that the GameStop saying? Agent orchestration is my biggest pain point. I've got linear up and running, but when I've got several tasks for the same client or multiple clients, it seems to get stuck and take forever to complete tasks. Agent orchestration is my biggest pain point. I've got linear up and running, but I mean I don't really know Jason what you are orchestrating exactly. Are these like coding tasks? I don't know if you have a mic, Jason, and want to give a little bit more context to this. but I mean, one way that might be good for you, I don't look at linear as an orchestrator really. I look at linear as more of a second brain to organize. If you want to do more orchestration with tasks to multiple agents, I think the Hermes canband board is probably the way to go because you can just dump tasks into like the triage in that canband board and it will automatically take those tasks and give it to different agents. So Jason, if you're looking for more of a canban board for orchestration,

I would go ahead. Yeah. Now, I'm just going to say so I what I'm doing, I've got I've got it set up. I got like I said, I got Linear set up and I'm orchestrating different So, basically, I'm I'm dumping different tasks into Linear for not only myself, but for different clients. So, different projects. Some of those projects are like coding projects, some of those are like like website fixes, like I've got WordPress website. So, I' I've created a like a WordPress specific agent that goes out like it knows how to log in, take care of specific client websites and knocks out certain tasks for them. But what I found is when I switched over to linear but prior to that, what I was doing is just going into Telegram and just feeding it tasks like one by one. I started using that background slashbackground which that was awesome. I saw a video that you did on that. So, I started using that slash background and just dumping stuff in and it just kept knocking it out, knocking it out. But I didn't have like a real easy way, like a nice way to track it all the way through. That's when I switched into linear. And I really like linear for that, being able to track tasks across different projects, different clients. but what I found is that even though I've told it, hey, I've created an agent that says, hey, you just need to watch the linear board and anytime something pops up, you need to read it, understand who it needs to go to, and then send it off and get it done. I found that it just gets stuck and it just starts spinning even on like real simple stuff. And I want to get it to a point where I can just dump stuff in and things just start cranking out rather than me having to sit here and just feed things one by one in a telegram. So I'm just looking for a more efficient way, I guess, to to manage multiple client projects, personal projects across the board. Where was it getting stuck in that linear process? Was it getting stuck at the orchestration level or at the actual building level? Building level. Yeah, it would it would spin up. It would spin up. It would So I I got it to the point where I could just dump like a real basic task in there and then it would go and it would flush it all out, make a real nice like project scope. it would assign it to the right client. It would get go into the inrogress state or it would go into a to-do to-do stage. I would jump in the to-do. I would assign my agent to it. As soon as he got assigned, it would fire off and start working. And but then dur somewhere along that process when it was working on it, it would get stuck.

were you able to diagnose what it was getting stuck on? Like what was tripping it up? Yeah, a few we were able to diagnose a few things. so it set up several different like called it watchd dogs. I'm not really familiar with it, but I guess it's essentially just a another agent or another profile. I'm not sure that would just sit there and check to make sure things are moving and progressing. and that helped a little bit, but it's still it's still more efficient. I found that it's faster for me. Again, if I'm just doing oneoff stuff, just dumping them into Telegram. I just I want to get past that because I want to do a lot more. I want to go faster. So, that's all. It feels like it's just some infrastructure missing around. Are you familiar with the Ralph loop? No. So basically this was like a a hot concept for a minute like six months ago where someone invented the framework around giving a agent a longunning task and then having it so that every 15 minutes or whatever another agent checks to see how close the agent is to completing a specific task or goal. So like say, "Hey, build me a chess app." The agent goes and starts building it. And then every 15 minutes or so, another agent will come, okay, it'll review its work. All right, is it getting closer to building the chess app? Is the ch If the chess app is built, all right, it's done. Cut everything off. Right? So it's almost that watchdog idea or concept. I I think you're I think that's the right direction. The watchdog thing. I think what you'll probably need to do is spend time with your agent and going, "Hey, this is what I'm trying to accomplish. This is the issue. It's not completing it. It's all feeding through linear. What's some check system we can do to make sure the agents don't get stuck on the building to make sure they're always going towards the goal they're chasing or the goal they're building? and I think if you can keep that checks and balance system going, then you probably can get it fixed." Got it. Okay. Yeah, I'll give that a shot. Probably a lot of reverse prompting you need to do with your Hermes agent. Hey, this is the problem. What should we do here? How would you address this? How would you fix this? What's the best solution for this? Got it. Cool. You have a much longer beard in your camera than you do in your profile picture on school. Just wanted to let . I wasn't sure if you were aware. Yeah. Yeah. I think my wife I think my wife prefers it shorter and she wishes it would go back but yeah this is your beard your decisions. You you you're the boss. You make the rules. I appreciate it Jason. Good question. thank you Jamie. Yes. Spaz Jamie. He's he's my Jamie. if I feed Hermes task one by one in Telegram it knocks. Oh that was you Jason. if I feed Hermes task one by one telegram, it knocks them out quickly. Problem is this isn't scalable. Yeah. I mean because because the issue is is when you give the task in telegram it's very modular in which every task you give it'll like do its own check. Did I complete the goal of that task? But when you do it in linear and it's just handing them out, you might be missing context you need on each linear task. Like you might need you reverse prompting your agent will help you figure out is it like you just don't have enough details in the linear task? Do you need a better end goal in the linear task? Whatever it is, that reverse prompting should help. JC Cordio. Hey Alex, if I'm just joining the community and diving in creating agents and am now starting here with Hermes or is the starter protocol the same as previous JC Cordio, I would start with the Open Claw Master Class. Basically everything I teach in the Open Claw Masterass you can do pretty much exactly the same in Hermes. They're they're the same thing. Same thing with Claude Code Master Class. You can do all the same things with Codeex. They're the same tools. they just behave in different ways. so I would start with the open claw. If I'm going to be honest, I' actually start with the claw code master class. That helps you understand a deeper technical level how everything works. Then you go to openclaw and you'll be a master of stuff by then. But it's up to you. Gordon Lloyd, I just deploy I like this workflow of people putting chats and I just read the chats rather than trying to do hand raises. I like this. I just deployed my first Hermes agent this week. Congratulations, Gordon Lloyd. Been tinkering all week with a Mac Studio and local model. I need a memory system next. So many options. Obsidian, Andre Carpathy. Oh my god. I'm I obviously give recommendations on my frameworks. I show how my frameworks work. 

but I I'm a big fan of people making their own custom frameworks for their own needs. Everyone has different needs, different requirements. So, I would spend some time Gordon Lloyd doing some reverse prompting. Go to your agent, say, "Hey, I want to build a custom memory system to improve things. These are my projects. This is what I'm working on. What's a custom memory system that will 

bolster our workflows and help you be better?" Right? So you could I I have a full tutorial in the classroom on my memory system with Obsidian. Feel free to go check that out, build that out just to get some inspiration. Maybe you see find it works for you well then you just keep going with it. 

but probably long term you can build your own c and it's also more fun to build your own custom system. You understand how it works better. It feels like it's yours. So you can build your own as well. water. Is that separate than having a memory section in your mission control or the same concept?

There's overlap. So, you can build a memory system in Obsidian and then have it visible in your mission control.

woo. We are this will be a top 10 days of words coming out of my mouth day of my my life so far after on meetings. I woke up there was not a meeting on my calendar. By the time I hit breakfast an hour later my entire calendar was filled. Can I get a hardware recommendation for my Let me take off the screen share for now so you can see my face. Can I get a hardware recommendation for my business use case? Says Amit. Sure. Hey, I'd appreciate it. so I have about 11 full-time people currently about to increase my headcount by seven or eight. I'm trying to make my business end to end as AI native as possible and then reposition people if necessary but try to give leverage to everyone. I currently have like 15 PCs in here. I actually have server racks that are empty. the PCs are all just standard PC. 16 to 32 gigs of RAM. I was looking at buying Mac Studios. I did not catch your recommendation early on, so sadly I'm late in the game. U, but with the new ones being announced at WWDC likely here in a little bit. I'm not sure what to do there. Nvidia just has their new chip announcement. I guess what I'm looking to do is I'd love to have agents working 247 across a range of activities from, data gathering, data ingestion, cleaning, database updating across the board. I want to have 20 or 30 agents that do different components really well that work 24/7 and ideally don't bankrupt me. So, I guess what I'm wondering is how do I set that up with the correct hardware? oh, and also I pay like flat $1,000 a month for electricity here, so crank the electricity doesn't cost me anything more. you have unlimited electricity. I mean, more or less. You know, if if I start putting in like Bitcoin miners and and wiring you electrical, my landlord will probably have issues. But, but otherwise, yes. Wow. Yeah. Hell yeah. This is what you got to do. let's let's fucking use that electricity, baby. All right. here we go. Here is the way you need to think about it. you need to reverse your thinking. What do I mean by that? I think the way one challenge a lot of people have had the last few months ever since I started this big trend of local models and GPUs and things like that is I'd say, "Hey, running local models on Mac Studios are cool." And then people would go out and spend $10,000 on Mac Studio and go, "now what?" Right? And I think what you need to do is reverse your thinking. What I mean by that is I'm I'd start off wouldn't think about hardware, wouldn't think about local models. Figure out exactly what you're trying to accomplish. And if you don't know what you want to accomplish, that's totally cool, too. You can go to your AI you currently have now. Could be chatgbt.com or your Hermes agent. Doesn't matter. Better to be your personal agent because it knows more about you and your business. Either way, you go to it. and you go, "Hey, I'm considering getting hardware for local models. I want to automate as much of this business as I possibly can. I am the luckiest human being on planet Earth and have unlimited electricity. What can we do here? What can we do?" You describe all your business processes. You describe database and everything you got going on there. What people do. Maybe even have your headcount. Have each employee make you a document that describes everything they do on a daily basis, their roles and responsibilities. You give it to the agent, you go, "Okay, what are some ways we can use AI to automate or maintain or support or clean up these tasks they're doing on an automated basis every 20 minutes or so, right? They'll give you a bunch of ideas. Then you go, okay, which of these ideas can we realistically run on local models on consumer hardware? So, Mac Studios or DGX Sparks and then it'll go through those use cases and give you a subset that's realistic for local models because remember local models, they have a lot of strengths, but they also have weaknesses. If speed's a priority, you can't be using a local model for because they're slow, right? And so it needs to find the ones that don't require up to the second speed and it'll give you a subset of those responsibilities that it feels like it can automate with local models and then what you can do from there is okay we have our use cases now you can say what hardware should I get to support these use cases and then it'll give you the hardware exactly what use cases to run on each then from there you can look at your other use cases that are not covered by local models okay what can we use cheap cloud models mod for to automate what can we use expensive models for but we still will see savings because of the work it's doing is so valuable and then you can set up your automation that way so I'd reverse engineer it start with who you are what your business does what your employees do find the use cases and then find the ones that are best for cloud models and local models and figure out what hardware and what models you need for each and that can all be done by reverse prompting your AI and your agents No, that's great advice. I appreciate that. I don't want to take up too much time, but so I I do have a full-time AI guy who what I have him doing is spending eight hours a day going through each one of my employees and mapping out what they try to figure out what they need to make more efficient. The the problem with him is the problem with most professionals, right? So if you're a great physician, you spend all your time practicing medicine. You don't spend much time learning what's coming out, right? And so, I think where you might bridge a gap is you spend a lot of time figuring out what's going to be the most current because it's part of your business model. and so I'm I'm doing a lot of what you recommended. I'm trying to go through I'm trying to create SOPs on every process that they do, trying to figure out what I can make more efficient their task flow. Already currently today, everything I mapped out is only for cloud-based models. So, I've got, Gemini, I've got OpenAI, I've got Anthropic. I guess not taking too much time up. do you do you do like by the hour consulting? So, I'm wondering if I take this whole stack in there. You know, maybe I just need a call with you and them to like bridge the gap so that you can say, "Hey, here's the things. Here's what works really well for your LLMs. It gives you their local local models versus your cloud models, and here's the best configuration to make it so they efficiently communicate with one another." and maybe I'm fantasizing that the 247 ecosystem of agents talking to each other and self-improving recursively is possible for a small business, but that's what I'm trying to figure out how to get to so that I can magnify my people instead of having to constantly increase headcount. One-on-one consulting, I do have a tier of this community that includes one hour of one-on-one consulting a month. If you want to upgrade to that, you can. the prices are higher just because my life is now very focused on Henry intelligent machines because I'm raising money for that. It's a very serious business. So I put the price high just so I don't spend all day consulting. although I enjoy doing it, I just only have certain hours day. So I'd check that out. And yeah, about it. Appreciate you. I got to go in two minutes. I have a meeting I need to attend. I just want to address just one question I just quickly saw in the corner of my eye. Alex, do you have a problem with me offering one-on-one coaching for members that need help with things? real quick, Rod, yes, I do have a problem with that real quick. That was an issue we had early on is people would join the community and not join it to like learn and be helpful, but so that they could sell their own AI services to other people. And so we ended up with like half the people in the community like here to learn and the other half just cold DMing everyone. Hey, I want to consult. I want to consult. I want to consult. And like that just alienates the people that are here for the purpose of the community which is to learn. So please know soliciting services to other members of the community. People aren't here to be solicited services. They're here to learn. So Oh yeah, 100%. That's what I wanted to ask. and I know you had mentioned it before. I wasn't in the realm of trying to solicit anyone if someone came asking me for help if you had a problem with that. I wouldn't blatantly offer or DM anyone outright, if that makes sense. I just think it opens up a can of worms if we start coaching each other and charging it and putting services. If they ask you a question, you answer a question. Yeah. But if it's like they ask you a question like, "Okay, here's a stripe link." I I just rather not. I just rather not. 100%. No, don't have a problem. Not at all. And I will help anybody I can help. 100%. Groovy together. Let's all learn together. I have to go. Usually these are two hours long. This is an hourong one. Let me stop the recording.